
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3738795000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 102779                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34386144                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   179426                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              381979178                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1005967                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003739                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3738795000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            175664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1005967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      242818                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      109650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1318966                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           197                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3738784                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3738784                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               790039                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614436                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       125681                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 228755                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        228755                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               298240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              191100                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1632283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1632283                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3379522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1419325                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      242790                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        352409                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     109619                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13820      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1218945     69.41%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11643      0.66%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     73003      4.16%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     141      0.01%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       26      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    11254      0.64%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      382      0.02%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3927      0.22%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               23154      1.32%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                7810      0.44%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 224      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              39488      2.25%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   149285      8.50%     88.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   77448      4.41%     92.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               93505      5.32%     98.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              32171      1.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1756226                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1112                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1724                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2836                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2101                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4012                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122416000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111800000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    234216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122416000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    234216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         6848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         6848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.585864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.585864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58265.587815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58503.401361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58378.863410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58265.587815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58503.401361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58378.863410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               93                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118214000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107978000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107978000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226192000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56265.587815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56503.401361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56378.863410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56265.587815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56503.401361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56378.863410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   609                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122416000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111800000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    234216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         6848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.585864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58265.587815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58503.401361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58378.863410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118214000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107978000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56265.587815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56503.401361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56378.863410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2981.554896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.310345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    64.312878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1506.224826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1411.017192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.091933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.086122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.181980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.213501                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            13180                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           13180                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    186695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    186695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50444.474466                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50444.474466                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50444.474466                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50444.474466                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    179293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    179293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    179293000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    179293000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48444.474466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48444.474466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48444.474466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48444.474466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3445                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    186695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50444.474466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50444.474466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    179293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    179293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48444.474466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48444.474466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.349526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  302775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 87.888244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.349526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.981834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1322667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1322667                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           93                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       262720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       262720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  262720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4477000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21303750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          134464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          122304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              256768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       134464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         134464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         5952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             5952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            93                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  93                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           35964529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32712144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               68676673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      35964529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          35964529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1591957                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1591957                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1591957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          35964529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32712144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              70268629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        93.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2101.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1911.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001010682500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9075                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  64                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4012                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          93                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4012                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        93                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      25351250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                100576250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6318.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25068.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3183                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       58                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 62.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4012                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    93                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     311.227652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    199.211172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    302.580681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           235     28.01%     28.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          242     28.84%     56.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          114     13.59%     70.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           63      7.51%     77.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           42      5.01%     82.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           32      3.81%     86.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      2.62%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      1.55%     90.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           76      9.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      873.750000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     253.351126                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1436.233587                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.970563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.154701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 2     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  256768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     4352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   256768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  5952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         68.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      68.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     1469829000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      358058.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       134464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       122304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         4352                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 35964528.678357601166                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32712143.885931160301                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1164011.399394724751                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2101                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1911                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           93                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     52421000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     48155250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks   4449476000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24950.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25198.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  47843827.96                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3098760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1647030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14344260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               31320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      295027200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         397947780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1100583360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1812679710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.829928                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2857321500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    124800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    756673500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2891700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1536975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14301420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              323640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      295027200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         374532750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1120301280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1808914965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.822987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2908831000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    124800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    705164000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    221769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    221769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33358.754513                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33358.754513                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33385.446362                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33385.446362                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    208475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    209186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31359.055355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31359.055355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31385.746437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31385.746437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6408                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73188000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73188000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21925.704014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21925.704014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19925.704014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19925.704014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148581000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    148581000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44888.519637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44888.519637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    141963000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141963000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42889.123867                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42889.123867                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       745000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       745000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43823.529412                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43823.529412                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       711000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       711000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41823.529412                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41823.529412                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.967093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  266173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.537609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.967093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                359112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               359112                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    315216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    315216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.660718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49792.405851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42693.344334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46023.653088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49792.405851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42693.344334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46023.653088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153557000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    301520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153557000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147963000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    301520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47792.405851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40693.894389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44023.945101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47792.405851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40693.894389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44023.945101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8236                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    315216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49792.405851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42693.344334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46023.653088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153557000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    301520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47792.405851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40693.894389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44023.945101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              498.923506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   109.683974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.943329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   302.296203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.214227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.169811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.590422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.974460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22635                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10366                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10365                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3521                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       651840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       236864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            18505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             27971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            33320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7466491000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 121325                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34412760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   223499                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              451663283                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2005601                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007466                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7466491000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            418358                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2005601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448446                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      218980                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2594285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           353                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7466480                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7466480                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2001511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1301919                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       310647                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 272041                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        272041                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               357051                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              226164                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       78203                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3541298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3541298                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7032186                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2982030                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      447966                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        666797                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     218831                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21798      0.59%      0.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2802346     75.85%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12786      0.35%     76.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81041      2.19%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     474      0.01%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      146      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14328      0.39%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4812      0.13%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10968      0.30%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25788      0.70%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9641      0.26%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 236      0.01%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              43167      1.17%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   339209      9.18%     91.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  184003      4.98%     96.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108757      2.94%     99.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34828      0.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3694706                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6981                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3767                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10748                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4693                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2815                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7508                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291704000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    461139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291704000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    461139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.402004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.427682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.411262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.402004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.427682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.411262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62157.255487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60190.053286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61419.685669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62157.255487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60190.053286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61419.685669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          488                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              488                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    282318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163805000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    446123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    282318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163805000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    446123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.402004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.427682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.402004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.427682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60157.255487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58190.053286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59419.685669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60157.255487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58190.053286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59419.685669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2922                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291704000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    461139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.402004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.427682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.411262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62157.255487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60190.053286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61419.685669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    282318000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163805000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    446123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.402004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.427682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60157.255487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58190.053286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59419.685669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3696.100798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.957221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    80.160335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1893.674747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1722.265717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.115581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.105119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.225592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4817                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4652                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.294006                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            30761                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           30761                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    568577000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    568577000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    568577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    568577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35651.931277                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35651.931277                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35651.931277                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35651.931277                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    536683000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    536683000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    536683000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    536683000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33652.056684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33652.056684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33652.056684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33652.056684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15691                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    568577000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    568577000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35651.931277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35651.931277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    536683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    536683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33652.056684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33652.056684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.671307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2452660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                156.309987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.671307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2610232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2610232                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7508                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7508                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       511744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       511744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  511744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9948000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           40166250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          300352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          180160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              480512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       300352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         300352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        31232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            31232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           488                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 488                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           40226661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24129139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               64355800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      40226661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          40226661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4182956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4182956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4182956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          40226661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24129139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              68538755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       482.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4693.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2798.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006286716500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            27                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            27                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17371                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 432                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7508                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         488                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7508                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       488                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      70462250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    37455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                210918500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9406.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28156.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5172                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      377                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7508                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   488                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     211.911703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    140.923886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    231.274611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1033     43.02%     43.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          715     29.78%     72.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          277     11.54%     84.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          122      5.08%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           65      2.71%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           51      2.12%     94.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      1.25%     95.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      0.79%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           89      3.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      275.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     119.359394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     601.109743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             18     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4     14.81%     81.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3     11.11%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      3.70%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      3.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.971652                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev              1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                13     48.15%     48.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      3.70%     51.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                13     48.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  479424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    29376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   480512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 31232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         64.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      64.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7437372000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      930136.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       300352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       179072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        29376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 40226660.689740337431                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23983421.395673014224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3934378.277560369577                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4693                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2815                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          488                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    135111750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     75806750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 151210915000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28790.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26929.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 309858432.38                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10945620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5817735                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             30187920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1054440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      588825120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1214190630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1844656320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3695677785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.968491                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4777450250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    249080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2439960750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6197520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3294060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             23297820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1341540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      588825120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         922273680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2090481120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3635710860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.937018                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5425479500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    249080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1791931500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400336000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    400336000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    403017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28465.301479                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28465.301479                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28429.528781                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28429.528781                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    372208000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    372208000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    374665000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    374665000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26465.301479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26465.301479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26429.528781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26429.528781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    173484000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    173484000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20734.313374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20734.313374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18734.313374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18734.313374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226852000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    226852000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39819.554151                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39819.554151                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215458000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215458000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37819.554151                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37819.554151                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2681000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      2681000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23937.500000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23937.500000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2457000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2457000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21937.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21937.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.478319                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  641150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 46.059626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.478319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                681571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               681571                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               11867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              11867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434080000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    683451000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434080000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    683451000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           30124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          30124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.606062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37180.299786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37886.812519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37435.011229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37180.299786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37886.812519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37435.011229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    236207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    646939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410732000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    236207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    646939000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35180.471092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35886.812519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35435.120776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35180.471092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35886.812519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35435.120776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21520                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              11867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    683451000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          30124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37180.299786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37886.812519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37435.011229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    236207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    646939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35180.471092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35886.812519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35435.120776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.452034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  34798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.617007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    92.329543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   168.666329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   244.456162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.180331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.329426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.477453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59240                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                30124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               30123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   67331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1020608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2381248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            79735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             65544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            70880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7466491000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11282297000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  87061                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34430832                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   163933                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    34.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              327409679                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000028                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011282                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11282297000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            664460                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      697620                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      342414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3884533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           496                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11282286                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11282286                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3254303                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1920834                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       492688                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 294691                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        294691                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               386572                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              244092                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      123353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5479530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5479530                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10799401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4546091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      696568                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1038730                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     342162                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27846      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4364601     77.26%     77.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12970      0.23%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81801      1.45%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     634      0.01%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      258      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16254      0.29%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8906      0.16%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15855      0.28%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               26705      0.47%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9727      0.17%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 243      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              44129      0.78%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   579445     10.26%     91.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  306652      5.43%     97.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              117123      2.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              35510      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5649037                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   246                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        14793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           21089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        14793                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6296                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          21089                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6560                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3397                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9957                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    407474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204729000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    612203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    407474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204729000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    612203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        31046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        31046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.307217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.320718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.307217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.320718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62114.939024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60267.589049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61484.684142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62114.939024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60267.589049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61484.684142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          827                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              827                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    394354000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197935000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    592289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    394354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    592289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.307217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.320718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.307217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.320718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60114.939024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58267.589049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59484.684142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60114.939024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58267.589049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59484.684142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4716                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        14793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          21089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    407474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204729000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    612203000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        31046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.307217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.320718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62114.939024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60267.589049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61484.684142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    394354000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197935000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    592289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.307217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.320718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60114.939024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58267.589049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59484.684142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4266.643943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              12996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.755725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   102.263710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2264.969462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1899.410771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.138243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.115931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.260415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5633                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2900                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2653                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.343811                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            47518                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           47518                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    933623000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    933623000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    933623000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    933623000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30888.076490                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30888.076490                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30888.076490                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30888.076490                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    873171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    873171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    873171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    873171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28888.076490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28888.076490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28888.076490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28888.076490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29970                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    933623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    933623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30888.076490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30888.076490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    873171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28888.076490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28888.076490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.458898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3584451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                119.601301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.458898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3914759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3914759                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9957                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9957                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        20741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        20741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  20741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       690176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       690176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  690176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14092000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           53245750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          419840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          217408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              637248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       419840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         419840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        52928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            52928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           827                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 827                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           37212280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19269835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               56482115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      37212280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          37212280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4691243                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4691243                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4691243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          37212280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19269835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              61173359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       812.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6560.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3360.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006286716500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            46                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            46                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                23533                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 737                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9957                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         827                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9957                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       827                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      37                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     15                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      94530500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    49600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                280530500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9529.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28279.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6775                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      642                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9957                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   827                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     208.545676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    140.564298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    223.198633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1398     42.57%     42.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          997     30.36%     72.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          379     11.54%     84.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          174      5.30%     89.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           99      3.01%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           70      2.13%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      1.19%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      0.79%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          102      3.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           46                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      208.891304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     105.124986                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     466.777474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             30     65.22%     65.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9     19.57%     84.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            5     10.87%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      2.17%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      2.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             46                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           46                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.978261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.949489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.999758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                23     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      2.17%     52.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                22     47.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             46                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  634880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    49984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   637248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 52928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         56.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      56.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11281815000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1046162.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       419840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       215040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        49984                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 37212280.442537546158                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19059948.519348498434                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4430303.510003326461                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6560                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3397                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          827                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    188638250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     91892250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 218977491750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28755.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27051.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 264785358.83                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12259380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6516015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             32922540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1341540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      890613360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1492216110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3075885600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5511754545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         488.531240                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7975425000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    376500750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2930371250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11188380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5946765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             37906260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2735280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      890613360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1781880420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2831963040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5562233505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         493.005414                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7344362000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    376487000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3561448000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    535749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    535749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    539266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    539266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26791.468720                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26791.468720                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26763.908879                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26763.908879                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    495757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    498970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    498970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24791.568735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24791.568735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24764.008139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24764.008139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19892                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    271680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20652.223489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20652.223489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    245372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    245372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18652.375523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18652.375523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264069000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    264069000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38595.293774                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38595.293774                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250385000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    250385000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36595.293774                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36595.293774                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3517000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      3517000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23138.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23138.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3213000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3213000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21138.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21138.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.669393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  997705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 50.156093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.669393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1060146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1060146                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            8873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         21353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671943000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    995887000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671943000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    995887000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           50375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          50375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.616318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31468.318269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33416.958944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32076.754598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31468.318269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33416.958944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32076.754598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    629237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    304558000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    933795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    629237000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    304558000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    933795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29468.318269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31417.165257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30076.819016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29468.318269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31417.165257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30076.819016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     35462                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    995887000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          50375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31468.318269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33416.958944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32076.754598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    629237000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    304558000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    933795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29468.318269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31417.165257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30076.819016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.666633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                35462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.610738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.155547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   200.494610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   219.016477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.172179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.391591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.427767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                95484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               95484                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                50375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               50374                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        49432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        60452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  109884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1874112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1934464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3808576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           151130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             96050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           100740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11282297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15426853000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  88073                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34447400                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   166733                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              339662860                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000105                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7572714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015427                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15426853000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            871669                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7572714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      972827                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           114                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      532043                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5195338                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           716                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15426842                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15426842                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4243397                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2453137                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       635436                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 316759                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        316759                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               422078                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              261358                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174575                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7387297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7387297                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14672249                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6053330                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      971535                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1503232                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     531697                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 31569      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5806697     76.68%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13871      0.18%     77.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81808      1.08%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     737      0.01%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.02%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19140      0.25%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11530      0.15%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18195      0.24%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               28324      0.37%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  18      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9762      0.13%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 251      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              45971      0.61%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  6      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   849078     11.21%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  493116      6.51%     97.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              122457      1.62%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38581      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7572751                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        27283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           36670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        27283                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9387                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          36670                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         8399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         12161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8399                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3762                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        12161                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    521011000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    747388000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    521011000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    747388000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.235385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.286105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.249043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.235385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.286105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.249043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62032.503870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60174.641148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61457.774854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62032.503870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60174.641148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61457.774854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1409                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1409                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        12161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        12161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    504213000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    218853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    723066000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    504213000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    218853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    723066000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.235385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.286105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.235385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.286105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60032.503870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58174.641148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59457.774854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60032.503870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58174.641148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59457.774854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  6507                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        27283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          36670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        12161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    521011000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    747388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.235385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.286105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.249043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62032.503870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60174.641148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61457.774854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    504213000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    218853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    723066000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.235385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.286105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60032.503870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58174.641148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59457.774854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4680.238455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              22603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             6507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.473644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.369505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2562.255679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1995.613272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.007469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.156388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.121803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.285659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1807                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.378052                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            69407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           69407                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5144493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5144493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5144493                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5144493                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          50845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              50845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         50845                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             50845                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1410195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1410195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1410195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1410195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5195338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5195338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27735.175533                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27735.175533                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27735.175533                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27735.175533                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         50845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1308507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1308507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1308507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1308507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25735.214869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25735.214869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25735.214869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25735.214869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      50588                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5144493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5144493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         50845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             50845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1410195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1410195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5195338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27735.175533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27735.175533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1308507000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1308507000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25735.214869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25735.214869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.872928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5174532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 50588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                102.287736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.872928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5246182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5246182                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        25731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       868480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       868480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  868480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            19206000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           65033250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          537536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          240768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              778304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       537536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         537536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        90176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            90176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             8399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1409                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1409                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           34844177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           15607072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               50451249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      34844177                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          34844177                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         5845392                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5845392                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         5845392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          34844177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          15607072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              56296641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1386.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      8399.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3700.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006286716500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            80                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            80                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29516                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1282                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12161                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1409                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12161                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1409                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      62                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     23                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     115609750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    60495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                342466000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9555.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28305.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8143                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1124                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12161                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1409                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     205.514674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    136.278320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    226.669383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1905     45.45%     45.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1192     28.44%     73.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          442     10.55%     84.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          221      5.27%     89.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          123      2.93%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           84      2.00%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           51      1.22%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           39      0.93%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          134      3.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           80                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      150.975000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      75.102372                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     363.534338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             59     73.75%     73.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           12     15.00%     88.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            6      7.50%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      1.25%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      1.25%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      1.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             80                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           80                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.969907                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.018810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                40     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.25%     51.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                38     47.50%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             80                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  774336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3968                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    87040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   778304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 90176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         50.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      50.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15426363000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1136799.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       537536                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       236800                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        87040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 34844177.227850683033                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 15349857.809625850990                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 5642109.897592204623                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         8399                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3762                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1409                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    240845750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    101620250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 352965741000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28675.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27012.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 250507978.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13965840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7423020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             38456040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2824020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1217601840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1738470360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4459936800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7478677920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.783119                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11571140750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    515060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3340652250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              15965040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8481825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             47930820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4275180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1217601840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2682803040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3664709280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7641767025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         495.354887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9499626750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    515060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5412166250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1477008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1477008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1477866                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1477866                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    672544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    672544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    676349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    676349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1503811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1503811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1504833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1504833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25092.116554                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25092.116554                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25080.617050                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25080.617050                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11927                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11927                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    618938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    618938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622415000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    622415000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23092.116554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23092.116554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23080.617050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23080.617050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      26711                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          952736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              952736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    381563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       971805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          971805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20009.596728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20009.596728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    343425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    343425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18009.596728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18009.596728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         524272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             524272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290981000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    290981000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       532006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         532006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37623.610034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37623.610034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275513000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275513000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35623.610034                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35623.610034                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3805000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      3805000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23201.219512                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23201.219512                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3477000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3477000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21201.219512                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21201.219512                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.295531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 26711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 49.475759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.295531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1531800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1531800                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15162                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13818                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28980                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         35683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    968079000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1357869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    968079000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1357869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           77812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          77812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27129.977861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29644.079398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27806.950360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27129.977861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29644.079398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27806.950360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    896715000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363492000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1260207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    896715000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363492000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1260207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25130.033910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27644.079398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25806.991317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25130.033910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27644.079398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25806.991317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54473                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    968079000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1357869000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          77812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27129.977861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29644.079398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27806.950360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    896715000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1260207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25130.033910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27644.079398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25806.991317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.830829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.631726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.648245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   219.845137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   204.337447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.165329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.429385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.399097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               144724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              144724                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                77812                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               77811                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  167550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2489216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3254016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5743232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           254220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            137447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           134835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15426853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19738584000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  95586                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34459064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   178709                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    52.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              377327509                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000221                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9348543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019739                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19738584000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1057085                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000221                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9348543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1236468                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           123                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      685261                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6535917                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1479                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19738573                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19738573                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5186503                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2991952                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       765677                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 389390                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        389390                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               552091                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              323565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      214670                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9112910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9112910                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18193139                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7429793                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1235176                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1920052                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     684876                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 32836      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7125673     76.22%     76.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17353      0.19%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82207      0.88%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2241      0.02%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    22346      0.24%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11550      0.12%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20641      0.22%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               43801      0.47%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  90      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10558      0.11%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 374      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              57164      0.61%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 54      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1098197     11.75%     91.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636928      6.81%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136979      1.47%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              47948      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9348580                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        44769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        13335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           58104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        44769                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        13335                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          58104                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        11381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11381                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4483                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15864                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    700986000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    963942000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    700986000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    963942000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        73968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        73968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.251600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.214471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.251600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.214471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61592.654424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58656.256971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60762.859304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61592.654424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58656.256971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60762.859304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2495                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2495                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    678224000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    932214000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    678224000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253990000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    932214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.251600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.251600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59592.654424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56656.256971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58762.859304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59592.654424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56656.256971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58762.859304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 10348                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        44769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        13335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          58104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    700986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262956000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    963942000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        73968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.251600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.214471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61592.654424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58656.256971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60762.859304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    678224000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253990000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    932214000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.251600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59592.654424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56656.256971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58762.859304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5092.207105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              34556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            10348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.339389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   133.479935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2965.909484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1992.817686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.008147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.181025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.121632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.310804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6591                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1782                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.402283                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           102603                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          102603                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6460262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6460262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6460262                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6460262                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          75655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              75655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         75655                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             75655                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2038752000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2038752000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2038752000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2038752000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6535917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6535917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26948.014011                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26948.014011                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26948.014011                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26948.014011                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1887444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1887444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1887444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1887444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24948.040447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24948.040447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24948.040447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24948.040447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      75398                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6460262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6460262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         75655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             75655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2038752000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2038752000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6535917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26948.014011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26948.014011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1887444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1887444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24948.040447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24948.040447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.119128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6517783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 75398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.445038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.119128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6611571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6611571                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2495                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        34223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        34223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  34223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1174976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1174976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1174976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            28339000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           84691750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          728384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          286912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1015296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       728384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         728384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       159680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           159680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            11381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2495                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2495                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           36901533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           14535592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               51437124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      36901533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          36901533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         8089739                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               8089739                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         8089739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          36901533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          14535592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              59526864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2354.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     11381.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4210.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006286716500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           135                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           135                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                38670                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2196                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15864                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2495                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15864                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2495                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     273                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    141                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     145456250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    77955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                437787500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9329.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28079.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10634                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1956                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15864                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2495                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     215.202852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.917653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    230.000394                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2279     42.77%     42.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1527     28.65%     71.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          605     11.35%     82.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          323      6.06%     88.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          173      3.25%     92.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          120      2.25%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           83      1.56%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           57      1.07%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          162      3.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      115.303704                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      60.059780                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     286.218794                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            108     80.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           17     12.59%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            6      4.44%     97.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      1.48%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.74%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.74%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          135                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.244444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.216239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.980912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                51     37.78%     37.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.74%     38.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                82     60.74%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.74%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            135                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  997824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    17472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   148992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1015296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                159680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         50.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      51.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       8.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19734418000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1074917.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       728384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       269440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       148992                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 36901532.551676452160                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 13650421.935028368607                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7548261.820604761131                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        11381                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4483                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2495                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    321461000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    116326500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 456340081500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28245.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25948.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 182901836.27                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              16000740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8504595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             46003020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4269960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1558112400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2138287740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5778953280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9550131735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         483.830640                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14996128000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    659100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4083356000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22048320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11718960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             65316720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7882200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1558112400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3621923070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4529576160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9816577830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         497.329384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11738557500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    659100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7340926500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1884634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1884634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1885676                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1885676                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          35805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              35805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         36016                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             36016                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    861011000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    861011000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    865961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    865961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1920439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1920439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1921692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1921692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24047.228041                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24047.228041                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24043.786095                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24043.786095                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         35805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    789401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    789401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    793929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    793929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22047.228041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22047.228041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22043.786095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22043.786095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      35760                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1209499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1209499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    514172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1235215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1235215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19994.244828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19994.244828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    462740000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    462740000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17994.244828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17994.244828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         675135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             675135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346839000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    346839000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       685224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         685224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34377.936366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34377.936366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326661000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    326661000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32377.936366                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32377.936366                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4950000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      4950000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23459.715640                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23459.715640                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4528000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4528000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21459.715640                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21459.715640                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.667858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1875648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 35760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 52.451007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.667858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1957708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1957708                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               37702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18198                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              37702                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             73969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            73969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1408174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    485624000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1893798000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1408174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    485624000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1893798000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.662383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.662383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25078.342327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27254.686272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25602.590274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25078.342327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27254.686272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25602.590274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1295874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449988000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745862000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1295874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449988000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745862000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23078.377945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25254.686272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23602.617313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23078.377945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25254.686272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23602.617313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82989                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              37702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            73969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1408174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    485624000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1893798000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.662383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25078.342327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27254.686272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25602.590274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1295874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449988000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745862000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23078.377945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25254.686272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23602.617313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.523109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 127427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                82989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.535469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.394063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   260.188054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   170.940991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.508180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.333869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               211665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              211665                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16493                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       151309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3360576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4841856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8202432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           378270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            194136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           180080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19738584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24032718000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104022                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34460744                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   193205                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    57.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              416650782                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000049                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11144204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024033                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24032718000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1247451                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11144204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1499697                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           123                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      840369                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7875164                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2162                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24032707                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24032707                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6149657                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3534842                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       899713                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 453624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        453624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               666884                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              379012                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      255140                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10863463                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10863463                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21752685                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8826434                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1498405                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2338374                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     839969                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34067      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8466597     75.97%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20821      0.19%     76.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82795      0.74%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3746      0.03%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    25164      0.23%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11568      0.10%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23219      0.21%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               57703      0.52%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 138      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11347      0.10%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 549      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              66413      0.60%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                100      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1348624     12.10%     91.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  784313      7.04%     98.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              149781      1.34%     99.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              55656      0.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11144241                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        62195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        18178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           80373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        62195                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        18178                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          80373                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        13655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         18786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13655                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5131                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        18786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840390000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297891000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1138281000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840390000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297891000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1138281000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        99159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        99159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.189453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.189453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61544.489198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58057.103878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60591.983392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61544.489198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58057.103878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60591.983392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3363                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3363                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        18786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        18786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    813080000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100709000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    813080000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100709000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59544.489198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56057.103878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58591.983392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59544.489198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56057.103878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58591.983392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 13707                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        62195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        18178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          80373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        18786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840390000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297891000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1138281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        99159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.189453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61544.489198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58057.103878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60591.983392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    813080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287629000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100709000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59544.489198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56057.103878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58591.983392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5367.134219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              44829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            13707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.270519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   135.208895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3283.933276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1947.992048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.008252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.200435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.118896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.327584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6657                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1960                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.406311                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           135707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          135707                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7775196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7775196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7775196                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7775196                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          99968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              99968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         99968                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             99968                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2617605000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2617605000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2617605000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2617605000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7875164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7875164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26184.429017                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26184.429017                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26184.429017                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26184.429017                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2417669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2417669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2417669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2417669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24184.429017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24184.429017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24184.429017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24184.429017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      99712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7775196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7775196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         99968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             99968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2617605000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2617605000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7875164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26184.429017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26184.429017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2417669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2417669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24184.429017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24184.429017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.276521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7847964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 99712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 78.706314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.276521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7975132                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7975132                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18786                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18786                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        40935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        40935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  40935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1417536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1417536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1417536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          100239500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          873920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          328384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1202304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       873920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         873920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       215232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           215232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            13655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3363                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3363                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           36363760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           13664039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               50027800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      36363760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          36363760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         8955791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               8955791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         8955791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          36363760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          13664039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              58983591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3145.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     13655.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4709.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006286716500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           180                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           180                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                46168                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2944                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18786                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3363                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18786                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3363                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     422                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    218                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     171927750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    91820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                516252750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9362.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28112.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12494                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2642                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 84.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18786                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3363                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     216.583583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    144.175663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    229.498083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2661     41.93%     41.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1854     29.21%     71.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          720     11.34%     82.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          387      6.10%     88.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          219      3.45%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          150      2.36%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          104      1.64%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           68      1.07%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          184      2.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      101.961111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      55.319342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     250.590551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            147     81.67%     81.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           22     12.22%     93.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7      3.89%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      1.11%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.56%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.338889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.312861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.940485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                58     32.22%     32.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      2.22%     34.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               117     65.00%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1175296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    27008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   199744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1202304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                215232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         48.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          8.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      50.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       8.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24031645000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1084999.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       873920                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       301376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       199744                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 36363760.436917699873                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 12540237.854078760371                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 8311336.237540838309                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        13655                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5131                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3363                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    385075250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    131177500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 561333936500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28200.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25565.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 166914640.65                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              17385900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9240825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             50065680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4823280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1896779040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2466299370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7151680320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11596274415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.520305                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18561428000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    802360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4668930000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27945960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14846040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             81053280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11468340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1896779040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4585111920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5367417120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11984621700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         498.679413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13906611250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    802360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9323746750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2291464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2291464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2292695                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2292695                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47334                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47334                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1085668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1085668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1091427000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1091427000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2338555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2338555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2340029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2340029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23054.681362                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23054.681362                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23057.992141                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23057.992141                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           22117                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 22117                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    991488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    991488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    996761000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    996761000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21054.723833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21054.723833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21058.034394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21058.034394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47077                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1464255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1464255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         33968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             33968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    672795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    672795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1498223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1498223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19806.729863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19806.729863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    604859000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    604859000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17806.729863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17806.729863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         827209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             827209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    412873000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    412873000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       840332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         840332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31461.784653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31461.784653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386629000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    386629000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29461.937057                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29461.937057                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5759000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5759000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23699.588477                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23699.588477                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5273000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5273000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21699.588477                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21699.588477                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.905883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2270240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 48.223973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.905883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2387362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2387362                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           24118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           24024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               48142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          24118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          24024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              48142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         75850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             99160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            99160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1799130000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    590646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2389776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1799130000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    590646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2389776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          147302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         147302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23719.578115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25338.738739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24100.201694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23719.578115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25338.738739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24100.201694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16184                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16184                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1647430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544028000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2191458000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1647430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544028000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2191458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21719.578115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23338.824539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22100.221864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21719.578115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23338.824539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22100.221864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    112206                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          24118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          24024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              48142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            99160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1799130000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    590646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2389776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         147302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23719.578115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25338.738739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24100.201694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1647430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544028000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2191458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21719.578115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23338.824539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22100.221864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.965676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 168587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               112206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.502478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.120999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   285.075371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   149.769306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.146721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.556788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.292518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               282137                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              282137                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               147302                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              147301                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         22117                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       116784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       199936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  316720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4444800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6397952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10842752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           499840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           236665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24032718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28319339000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115867                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34461928                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   213837                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    60.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              468750266                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12918852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028319                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28319339000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1431630                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12918852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1763992                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           127                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      993144                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            94                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9211082                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2769                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28319339                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28319339                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7107748                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4091042                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1030030                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 508801                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        508801                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               763334                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              426035                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      293700                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12599985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12599985                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25296935                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10219316                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1762697                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2755419                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     992722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 35314      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9792212     75.80%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    24677      0.19%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     83341      0.65%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5023      0.04%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    27538      0.21%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11632      0.09%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25890      0.20%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               69160      0.54%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 180      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11987      0.09%     78.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 702      0.01%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              74035      0.57%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                140      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1601548     12.40%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929889      7.20%     98.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              161149      1.25%     99.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              62833      0.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12918890                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        78441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        23827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          102268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        78441                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        23827                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         102268                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        15759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         21812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15759                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6053                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        21812                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    968017000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    348332000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1316349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    968017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    348332000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1316349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       124080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       124080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.167293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.202577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.167293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.202577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61426.296085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57547.001487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60349.761599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61426.296085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57547.001487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60349.761599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4201                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4201                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        21812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        21812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    936499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    336226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1272725000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    936499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    336226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1272725000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.167293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.202577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.167293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.202577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59426.296085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55547.001487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58349.761599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59426.296085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55547.001487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58349.761599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 17156                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        78441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        23827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         102268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        21812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    968017000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    348332000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1316349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       124080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.167293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.202577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61426.296085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57547.001487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60349.761599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    936499000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    336226000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1272725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.167293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.202577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59426.296085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55547.001487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58349.761599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5563.494284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             146024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            23875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.116188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   135.921905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3511.509927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1916.062451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.008296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.214326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.116947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.339569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6719                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          555                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5569                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.410095                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           169899                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          169899                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9088302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9088302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9088302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9088302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         122780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             122780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        122780                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            122780                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3157144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3157144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3157144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3157144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9211082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9211082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25713.829614                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25713.829614                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25713.829614                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25713.829614                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        122780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       122780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2911584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2911584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2911584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2911584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23713.829614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23713.829614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23713.829614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23713.829614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     122524                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9088302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9088302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        122780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            122780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3157144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3157144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9211082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25713.829614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25713.829614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       122780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2911584000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2911584000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23713.829614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23713.829614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.386032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9211082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                122780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 75.021029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.386032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9333862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9333862                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               21812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              21812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        47825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        47825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  47825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1664832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1664832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1664832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            42817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          116335500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1008576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          387392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1395968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1008576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1008576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       268864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           268864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            15759                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                21812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           35614391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           13679415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               49293806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      35614391                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          35614391                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         9494007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               9494007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         9494007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          35614391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          13679415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              58787813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3906.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     15759.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5492.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006286716500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           224                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           224                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                53861                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3665                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        21812                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4201                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      21812                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4201                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     561                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    295                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     196430500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   106255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                594886750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9243.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27993.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     14475                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3295                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 84.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  21812                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4201                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    21249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     218.374915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    145.655890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    229.313151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3034     41.18%     41.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2164     29.37%     70.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          846     11.48%     82.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          463      6.28%     88.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          274      3.72%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          175      2.38%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          123      1.67%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           81      1.10%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          207      2.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          224                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       94.263393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      53.443410                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     226.122189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            186     83.04%     83.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           27     12.05%     95.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7      3.12%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.89%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            224                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.348214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.322734                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.929919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                70     31.25%     31.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 7      3.12%     34.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               146     65.18%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1360064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    35904                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   248704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1395968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                268864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         48.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          8.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      49.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       9.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28316506000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1088552.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1008576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       351488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       248704                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 35614390.575994729996                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 12411589.126426998526                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 8782125.882246050984                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        15759                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6053                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4201                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    442567750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    152319000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 666240053750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28083.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25164.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 158590824.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18856740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10022595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             54770940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5167800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2235445680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2808499440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8509574400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13642337595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.732204                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  22088000750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    945620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5285718250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              33743640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              17935170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             96961200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15117120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2235445680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5483735730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6256743840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14139682380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         499.294224                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16209505750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    945620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11164213250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2695403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2695403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2696813                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2696813                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          59985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              59985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         60285                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             60285                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1352871000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1352871000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1360714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1360714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2755388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2755388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2757098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2757098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22553.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22553.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22571.352741                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22571.352741                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28777                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28777                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1232901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1240144000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1240144000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20553.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20553.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20571.352741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20571.352741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      60029                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1719081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1719081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         43201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             43201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    851278000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    851278000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1762282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1762282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19705.053124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19705.053124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    764876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    764876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17705.053124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17705.053124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         976322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             976322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501593000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    501593000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       993106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         993106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29885.188275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29885.188275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    468025000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    468025000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27885.188275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27885.188275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7843000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7843000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26143.333333                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26143.333333                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7243000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7243000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24143.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24143.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.071497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2757098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 60285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.734395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.071497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2817383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2817383                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           30405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               58985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          30405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              58985                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         94200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         29880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            124080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           124080                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2161099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    724666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2885765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2161099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    724666000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2885765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          183065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         183065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.677792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.677792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22941.602972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24252.543507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23257.293681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22941.602972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24252.543507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23257.293681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21944                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21944                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       124080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       124080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1972699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    664906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2637605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1972699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    664906000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2637605000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20941.602972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22252.543507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21257.293681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20941.602972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22252.543507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21257.293681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    142435                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          30405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              58985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           124080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2161099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    724666000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2885765000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         183065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.677792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22941.602972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24252.543507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23257.293681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       124080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1972699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    664906000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2637605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20941.602972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22252.543507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21257.293681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.273606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 211842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               142947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.481962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.456519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   300.748951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   136.068136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.143470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.587400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.265758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               354789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              354789                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               183065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              183065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  394907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5699968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7857920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13557888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           613900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            326950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           301425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28319339000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
