
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6582730000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  79203                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   132145                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              521337247                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000050                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1668544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006583                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6582730000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            148314                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000050                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1668544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      161924                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      367258                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1335853                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6582719                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6582719                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               897152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              778518                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       111281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 271916                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        271916                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               268592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                7053                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       32285                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1663090                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1663090                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3550379                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1145575                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      161898                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        529154                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     367256                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   924      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1133677     67.92%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.19%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.05%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.02%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     483      0.03%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 274      0.02%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                137      0.01%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   159718      9.57%     77.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  102820      6.16%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2180      0.13%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436     15.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1669072                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1377                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1120                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2497                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34508                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35312                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2124406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2173164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2124406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2173164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        37809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        37809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.368638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.968564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.933958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.368638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.968564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.933958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60644.278607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61562.710096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61541.798822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60644.278607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61562.710096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61541.798822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        32245                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            32245                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47150000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2055390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2102540000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2055390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2102540000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.368638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.968564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.933958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.368638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.968564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.933958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58644.278607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59562.710096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59541.798822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58644.278607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59562.710096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59541.798822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 34029                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2124406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2173164000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        37809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.368638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.968564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.933958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60644.278607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61562.710096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61541.798822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2055390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2102540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.368638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.968564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.933958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58644.278607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59562.710096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59541.798822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1849.015748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              66365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            34029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.950248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    46.368041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    73.010864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1729.636842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.022641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.035650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.844549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.902840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1840                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           108391                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          108391                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1330368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1330368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1330368                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1330368                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           5485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               5485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          5485                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              5485                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    138198000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    138198000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    138198000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    138198000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1335853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1335853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25195.624430                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25195.624430                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25195.624430                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25195.624430                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          5485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23195.624430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23195.624430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23195.624430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23195.624430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       5251                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1330368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1330368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          5485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              5485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    138198000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    138198000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1335853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25195.624430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25195.624430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127228000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127228000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23195.624430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23195.624430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               231.276697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  255412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  5251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 48.640640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   231.276697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.903425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.903425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1341338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1341338                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       102869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       102869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 102869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4323648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4323648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4323648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           196537000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185998250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           51456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2208512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2259968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        51456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          51456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2063680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2063680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         32245                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               32245                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7816818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          335500924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              343317742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7816818                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7816818                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       313499111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             313499111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       313499111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7816818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         335500924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             656816853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     32195.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       804.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34483.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001961226500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2006                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2006                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               102471                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               30258                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35312                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       32245                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35312                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     32245                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     50                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     337047500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                998678750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9551.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28301.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31769                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    29888                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35312                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 32245                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     743.650017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    564.539612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    375.231070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           470      8.10%      8.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          649     11.18%     19.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          418      7.20%     26.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          143      2.46%     28.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          158      2.72%     31.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          164      2.82%     34.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          256      4.41%     38.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          325      5.60%     44.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3223     55.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.587737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.271908                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      42.285693                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            1997     99.55%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             2      0.10%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      0.25%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.039880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.037597                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.281437                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1966     98.01%     98.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.05%     98.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                38      1.89%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2258368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2059264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2259968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2063680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        343.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        312.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     343.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     313.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6432715000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       95219.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        51456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2206912                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2059264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7816817.642528251745                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 335257864.138434946537                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 312828264.261180400848                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          804                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34508                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        32245                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     21954750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    976724000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 136868081250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27306.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28304.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4244629.59                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18763920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9973260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121529940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            81489420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      519370800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1075824270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1621811040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3448762650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         523.910695                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4186730000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    219700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2176300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22690920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12060510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            130419240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            86469300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      519370800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1780241100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1028617920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3579869790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         543.827529                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2638125250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    219700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3724904750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           489211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               489211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          489212                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              489212                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          39003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              39003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         39442                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             39442                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2756068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2756068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2789525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2789525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       528214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           528214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       528654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          528654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.073839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.074608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.074608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70662.974643                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70662.974643                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70724.735054                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70724.735054                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           35944                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 35944                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2678064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2678064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2710643000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2710643000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.074608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68663.025921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68663.025921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68724.785761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68724.785761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      39185                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          156677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              156677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    102077000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102077000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       161484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          161484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.029768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21235.073851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21235.073851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19235.489911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19235.489911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         332534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             332534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2653991000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2653991000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       366730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         366730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.093246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77611.153351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77611.153351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2585599000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2585599000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75611.153351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75611.153351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33457000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33457000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32579000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32579000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.963988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  509048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 39185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 12.990889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.963988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.984234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                568095                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               568095                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3813                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         35629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             37810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            37810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75503000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2518554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2594057000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2518554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2594057000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           44927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          44927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.841587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.841587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34618.523613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70688.315698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68607.696377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34618.523613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70688.315698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68607.696377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71141000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2447298000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2518439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2447298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2518439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32618.523613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68688.371832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66607.749273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32618.523613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68688.371832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66607.749273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38916                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               7117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            37810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75503000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2518554000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2594057000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          44927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.841587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34618.523613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70688.315698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68607.696377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2447298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2518439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32618.523613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68688.371832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66607.749273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.909011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.009199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    38.785850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    25.551064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   437.572097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.075754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.049904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.854633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               120299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              120299                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                44927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               44926                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         35944                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       114827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  125797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4824640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       351040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5175680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            27425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            224647000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           197205000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6582730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10305762000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  99678                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   158903                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              513542076                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000315                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3188856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010306                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10305762000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            255920                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000315                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3188856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      467884                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      501176                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2654204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10305751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10305751                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1751771                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1639958                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       174997                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 274220                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        274220                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               271664                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                8973                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       73502                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3180344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3180344                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7038725                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2420537                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467859                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        969033                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     501174                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1872      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2211626     69.34%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.10%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.03%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     69.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     867      0.03%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1042      0.03%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                521      0.02%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   464911     14.58%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  236738      7.42%     91.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2948      0.09%     91.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      8.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3189384                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         8242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8242                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2348                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10590                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34548                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35352                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2127431000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2176189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2127431000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2176189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        45942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        45942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.936362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.769492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.936362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.769492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60644.278607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61578.991548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61557.733650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60644.278607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61578.991548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61557.733650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        32281                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            32281                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47150000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2058335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2105485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2058335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2105485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.936362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.936362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58644.278607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59578.991548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59557.733650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58644.278607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59578.991548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59557.733650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 34069                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2127431000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2176189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        45942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.936362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.769492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60644.278607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61578.991548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61557.733650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2058335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2105485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.936362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58644.278607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59578.991548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59557.733650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1920.900266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              66443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            34069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.950248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    89.947220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    54.977032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1775.976015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.043920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.026844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.867176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2038                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           116923                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          116923                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2641853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2641853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2641853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2641853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         12351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             12351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268633000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    268633000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    268633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21749.898794                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21749.898794                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21749.898794                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21749.898794                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    243933000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243933000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    243933000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243933000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19750.060724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19750.060724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19750.060724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19750.060724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      12116                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2641853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2641853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    268633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2654204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21749.898794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21749.898794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    243933000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    243933000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19750.060724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19750.060724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.260510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  491126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 12116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.535325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.260510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.907268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.907268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2666554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2666554                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       102985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       102985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 102985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4328512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4328512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4328512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           196757000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          186221250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           51456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2211072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2262528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        51456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          51456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2065984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2065984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         32281                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               32281                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4992935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          214547163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              219540098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4992935                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4992935                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       200468825                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             200468825                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       200468825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4992935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         214547163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             420008923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     32231.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       804.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34523.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007824384500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2008                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2008                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               103543                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               30292                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35352                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       32281                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35352                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     32281                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     50                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     337979500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1000360750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9567.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28317.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31769                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    29918                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35352                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 32281                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     738.635680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    555.626822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    378.274018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           513      8.77%      8.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          649     11.09%     19.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          418      7.14%     27.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          144      2.46%     29.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          158      2.70%     32.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          165      2.82%     34.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          256      4.37%     39.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          325      5.55%     44.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3224     55.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.591135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.276024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      42.264768                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            1999     99.55%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             2      0.10%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      0.25%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.041833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.039441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.288015                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1966     97.91%     97.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.05%     97.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                40      1.99%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2260928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2061568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2262528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2065984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        219.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        200.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     219.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     200.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10181255000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      150536.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        51456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2209472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2061568                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4992935.020234311931                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 214391910.079041242599                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 200040326.954959779978                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          804                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34548                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        32281                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     21954750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    978406000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 214513490250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27306.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28320.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   6645193.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19035240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10117470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121786980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            81625140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      813168720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1157737260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2982476160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5185946970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         503.208493                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7723024750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    343980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2238757250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22748040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12090870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            130447800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            86521500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      813168720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1842236580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2406055680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5313269190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         515.562963                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6218545500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    343980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3743236500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           924554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               924554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          924555                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              924555                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         43977                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             43977                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2832125000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2832125000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2865582000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2865582000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       968092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           968092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       968532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          968532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65049.496991                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65049.496991                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65160.925029                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65160.925029                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2745049000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2745049000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2777628000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2777628000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63049.496991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63049.496991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63160.925029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63160.925029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43721                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          458537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              458537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    168776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       467444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          467444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18948.692040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18948.692040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    150962000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150962000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16948.692040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16948.692040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         466017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             466017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2663349000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2663349000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.069172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76906.499957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76906.499957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2594087000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2594087000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74906.499957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74906.499957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33457000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33457000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32579000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32579000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.422027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  926116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.182407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.422027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1012509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1012509                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7081                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         36896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             45943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            45943                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164748000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2537983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2702731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164748000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2537983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2702731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           56328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          56328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.815633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.815633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18210.235437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68787.483738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58827.917202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18210.235437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68787.483738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58827.917202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34864                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34864                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    146656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2464191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2610847000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    146656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2464191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2610847000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16210.456505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66787.483738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56827.960734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16210.456505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66787.483738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56827.960734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47359                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            45943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164748000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2537983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2702731000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          56328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.815633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18210.235437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68787.483738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58827.917202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    146656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2464191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2610847000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16210.456505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66787.483738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56827.960734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.554455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.868473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    60.750255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    21.914207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   422.889993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.118653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.042801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.825957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               140648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              140648                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                56328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               56327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       124403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  149104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5147264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       790400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5937664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            61750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            238573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           219885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10305762000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14032845000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 107165                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   168226                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              501222717                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000297                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4709850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014033                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14032845000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364093                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000297                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4709850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      774022                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      634790                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3971831                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14032834                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14032834                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2609286                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2501190                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       239375                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 276614                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        276614                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               274856                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10968                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      114614                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4698256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4698256                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10526373                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3695864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      773997                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1408785                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     634788                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2811      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3290333     69.85%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.07%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.02%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1266      0.03%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1840      0.04%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                920      0.02%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   770251     16.35%     86.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  370352      7.86%     94.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3746      0.08%     94.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      5.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4710378                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15094                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3333                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18427                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34648                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35452                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2134247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2183005000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2134247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2183005000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        53879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        53879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.912246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.657993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.912246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.657993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60644.278607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61597.985454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61576.356764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60644.278607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61597.985454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61576.356764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        32370                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            32370                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47150000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2064951000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2112101000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2064951000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2112101000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.912246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.912246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58644.278607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59597.985454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59576.356764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58644.278607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59597.985454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59576.356764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 34225                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2134247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2183005000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        53879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.912246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.657993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60644.278607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61597.985454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61576.356764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2064951000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2112101000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.912246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58644.278607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59597.985454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59576.356764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1954.657587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              66704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            34225                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.948985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   110.497287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    46.484025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1797.676276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.053954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.022697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.877772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.954423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2035                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           125298                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          125298                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3952628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3952628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3952628                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3952628                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          19203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              19203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         19203                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             19203                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398821000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    398821000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398821000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    398821000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3971831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3971831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20768.681977                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20768.681977                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20768.681977                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20768.681977                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18768.786127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18768.786127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18768.786127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18768.786127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18968                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3952628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3952628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         19203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             19203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398821000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    398821000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3971831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20768.681977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20768.681977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18768.786127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18768.786127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.722513                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  726378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.294918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.722513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.909072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.909072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3991033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3991033                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35452                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35452                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       103274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       103274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 103274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4340608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4340608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4340608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           197302000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          186768000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           51456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2217472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2268928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        51456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          51456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2071680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2071680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         32370                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               32370                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3666826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          158020131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              161686957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3666826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3666826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       147630790                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             147630790                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       147630790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3666826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         158020131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             309317747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     32267.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       804.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34621.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007824384500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2010                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2010                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               104786                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               30326                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35452                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       32370                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35452                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     32370                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    103                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     339631250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   177125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1003850000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9587.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28337.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31795                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    29950                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35452                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 32370                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5928                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     730.612686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    542.590974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    382.779678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           564      9.51%      9.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          672     11.34%     20.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          418      7.05%     27.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          144      2.43%     30.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          158      2.67%     33.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          165      2.78%     35.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          256      4.32%     40.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          325      5.48%     45.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3226     54.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5928                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.622388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.290075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      42.265936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            2000     99.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             3      0.15%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      0.25%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.043781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.041282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.294421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1966     97.81%     97.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.05%     97.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                42      2.09%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2267200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2063872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2268928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2071680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        161.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        147.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     161.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     147.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13940356000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      205543.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        51456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2215744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2063872                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3666825.935866889544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 157896990.952297985554                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 147074381.566959500313                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          804                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34648                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        32370                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     21954750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    981895250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 300897789250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27306.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28339.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   9295575.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19556460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10394505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122465280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            81813060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1107581280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1330116090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4268514720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6940441395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.585481                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11064469250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    468520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2499855750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22769460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12102255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            130469220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            86521500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1107581280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1901082240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3787701120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7048227075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.266438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9809952000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    468520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3754373000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1359536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1359536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1359537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1359537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          48308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              48308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         48747                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             48747                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2914666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2914666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2948123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2948123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1407844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1407844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1408284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1408284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60335.058375                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60335.058375                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60478.039674                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60478.039674                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37194                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37194                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         48308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2818050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2818050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2850629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2850629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58335.058375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58335.058375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58478.039674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58478.039674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      48491                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          760608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              760608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    237643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    237643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       773582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          773582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18316.864498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18316.864498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211695000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    211695000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16316.864498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16316.864498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         598928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             598928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2677023000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2677023000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       634262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         634262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.055709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75763.372389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75763.372389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2606355000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2606355000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73763.372389                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73763.372389                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33457000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33457000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32579000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32579000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.106729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1368649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 48491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.224805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.106729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1457031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1457031                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10766                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14070                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         37981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             53880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            53880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    253824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2558704000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2812528000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    253824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2558704000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2812528000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           67950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          67950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.792936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.792936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15964.777659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67367.999789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52199.851522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15964.777659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67367.999789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52199.851522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222028000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2482742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2704770000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222028000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2482742000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2704770000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13964.903453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65367.999789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50199.888641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13964.903453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65367.999789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50199.888641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55517                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            53880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    253824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2558704000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2812528000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          67950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.792936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15964.777659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67367.999789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52199.851522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222028000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2482742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2704770000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13964.903453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65367.999789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50199.888641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.266373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  99955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.800440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.885048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    19.324290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   416.057034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.140400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.037743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.812611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               161173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              161173                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                67950                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               67949                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37194                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       134688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        38405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  173093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5500224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1228928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6729152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            96010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            253920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           243735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14032845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17796935000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 112606                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   175386                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              501003646                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6230154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017797                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17796935000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            472895                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6230154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1079986                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      767985                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5289764                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17796924                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17796924                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3466072                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3361292                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       304755                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 277652                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        277652                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               276240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      155585                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6215936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6215936                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14013525                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4971201                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1079961                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1847944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     767983                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  3862      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4369735     70.13%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.05%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1439      0.02%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2186      0.04%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1093      0.02%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1075869     17.27%     87.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  503547      8.08%     95.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4092      0.07%     95.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      4.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6230682                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        21926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        21926                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5273                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27199                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          805                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34686                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35491                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2137215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2186053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2137215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2186053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        62690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        62690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.868040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.566135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.868040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.566135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60668.322981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61616.069884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61594.573272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60668.322981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61616.069884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61594.573272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        32406                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            32406                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2067843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2115071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2067843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2115071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.868040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.868040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58668.322981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59616.069884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59594.573272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58668.322981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59616.069884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59594.573272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 34265                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        21926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2137215000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2186053000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        62690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.868040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.566135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60668.322981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61616.069884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61594.573272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47228000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2067843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2115071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.868040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58668.322981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59616.069884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59594.573272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1974.399708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              69474                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            34265                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.027550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.829904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    41.339391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1810.230414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.059976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.020185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.883902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1944                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           134372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          134372                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5263728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5263728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5263728                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5263728                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          26036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              26036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         26036                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             26036                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    528726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    528726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5289764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5289764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20307.497311                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20307.497311                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20307.497311                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20307.497311                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    476656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    476656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    476656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    476656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18307.574128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18307.574128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18307.574128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18307.574128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      25801                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5263728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5263728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    528726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5289764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20307.497311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20307.497311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    476656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    476656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18307.574128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18307.574128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.992705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  960962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 25801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 37.245146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.992705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.910128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5315799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5315799                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35491                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35491                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       103388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       103388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 103388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4345408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4345408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4345408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           197521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          186986750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           51520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2219904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2271424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        51520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          51520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2073984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2073984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         32406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               32406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2894880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          124735186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              127630067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2894880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2894880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       116536022                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             116536022                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       116536022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2894880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         124735186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             244166088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     32303.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       805.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34659.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007824384500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2012                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2012                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               105865                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               30361                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35491                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       32406                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35491                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     32406                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    103                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     340637250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   177320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1005587250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9605.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28355.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31795                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    29982                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35491                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 32406                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     726.155083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    534.923459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    385.355027                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           603     10.10%     10.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          674     11.29%     21.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          418      7.00%     28.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          144      2.41%     30.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          158      2.65%     33.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          165      2.76%     36.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          256      4.29%     40.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          325      5.44%     45.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3228     54.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2012                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.624254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.292940                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      42.244981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            2002     99.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             3      0.15%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      0.25%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2012                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2012                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.045726                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.043119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.300665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1966     97.71%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.05%     97.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                44      2.19%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2012                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2269696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2066176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2271424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2073984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        127.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        116.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     127.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     116.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17747250000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      261384.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        51520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2218176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2066176                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2894880.494871729519                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 124638090.772371754050                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 116097294.281290575862                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          805                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34686                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        32406                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22001000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    983586250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 388100118750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27330.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28356.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  11976180.92                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19842060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10546305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122722320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            82000980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1404452400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1415617230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5641924320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8697105615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         488.685586                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14633856500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    594100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2568978500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22790880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12113640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            130490640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            86521500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1404452400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1958505180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5184755520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8799629760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.446362                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13441431000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    594100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3761404000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1790996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1790996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1790997                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1790997                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         56446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             56446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3040955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3040955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3074412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3074412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1847003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1847003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1847443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1847443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54295.980860                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54295.980860                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54466.428091                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54466.428091                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2928941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2928941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2961520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2961520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52295.980860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52295.980860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52466.428091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52466.428091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      56190                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1059447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1059447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    352406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    352406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1079546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1079546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17533.509130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17533.509130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    312208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15533.509130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15533.509130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         731549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             731549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2688549000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2688549000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       767457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         767457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.046788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74873.259441                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74873.259441                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2616733000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2616733000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72873.259441                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72873.259441                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33457000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33457000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32579000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32579000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.507160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1761194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 56190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.343549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.507160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1903889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1903889                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19791                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         39959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             62691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            62691                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    342731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2587310000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2930041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    342731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2587310000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2930041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           82482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          82482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.760057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.760057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15077.027978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64749.117846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46737.825206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15077.027978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64749.117846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46737.825206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2507392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2804661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2507392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2804661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13077.115960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62749.117846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44737.857109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13077.115960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62749.117846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44737.857109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64492                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            62691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    342731000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2587310000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2930041000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          82482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.760057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15077.027978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64749.117846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46737.825206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2507392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2804661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13077.115960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62749.117846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44737.857109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.267545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 113232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.755753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.393531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    16.191774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   414.682240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.151159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.809926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               185279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              185279                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                82482                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               82481                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37793                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       150685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  202756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6031296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1666240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7697536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           130175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            271447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           282230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17796935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21548932000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115804                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   179540                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              499069345                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000153                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7752207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021549                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21548932000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            582428                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7752207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1386402                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      901082                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6607650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21548921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21548921                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4325694                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4222118                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370925                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 278396                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        278396                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               277232                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               12453                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      196550                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7735467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7735467                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17502796                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6247854                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1386377                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2287457                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     901080                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4938      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5450703     70.31%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.04%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1563      0.02%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2434      0.03%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1217      0.02%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1382037     17.83%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636644      8.21%     96.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4340      0.06%     96.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      3.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7752735                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        28749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           35826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        28749                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7077                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          35826                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          805                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34778                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35583                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2141634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2190472000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2141634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2190472000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        71409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        71409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.830916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.498299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.830916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.498299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60668.322981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61580.136868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61559.508754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60668.322981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61580.136868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61559.508754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        32486                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            32486                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2072078000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2119306000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2072078000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2119306000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.830916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.498299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.830916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.498299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58668.322981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59580.136868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59559.508754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58668.322981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59580.136868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59559.508754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 34430                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        28749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          35826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2141634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2190472000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        71409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.830916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.498299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60668.322981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61580.136868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61559.508754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47228000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2072078000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2119306000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.830916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.498299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58668.322981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59580.136868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59559.508754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1987.214639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              69667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            34430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.023439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   131.027907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    37.972109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1818.214624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.063978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.018541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.887800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1948                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           143441                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          143441                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6574791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6574791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6574791                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6574791                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          32859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              32859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         32859                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             32859                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    658363000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    658363000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    658363000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    658363000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6607650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6607650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20036.002313                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20036.002313                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20036.002313                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20036.002313                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    592647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    592647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    592647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    592647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18036.063179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18036.063179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18036.063179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18036.063179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      32624                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6574791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6574791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         32859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             32859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    658363000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    658363000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6607650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20036.002313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20036.002313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    592647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    592647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18036.063179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18036.063179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.168090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1195234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 32624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 36.636648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.168090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.910813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6640508                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6640508                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       103652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       103652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 103652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4356416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4356416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4356416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           198013000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          187466250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           51520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2225792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2277312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        51520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          51520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2079104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2079104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         32486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               32486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2390838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          103290131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              105680968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2390838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2390838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        96482925                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              96482925                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        96482925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2390838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         103290131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             202163894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     32334.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       805.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34696.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007824384500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2013                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2013                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               106983                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               30378                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35583                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       32486                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35583                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     32486                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      82                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    152                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     341857000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   177505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1007500750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9629.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28379.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31795                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    29997                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35583                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 32486                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     722.127475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    528.032600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    387.631231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           640     10.65%     10.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          674     11.22%     21.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          418      6.96%     28.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          144      2.40%     31.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          158      2.63%     33.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          165      2.75%     36.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          256      4.26%     40.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          325      5.41%     46.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3229     53.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2013                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.624938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.294184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      42.234493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            2003     99.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             3      0.15%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      0.25%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2013                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2013                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.046696                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.044036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.303730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1966     97.67%     97.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.05%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                45      2.24%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2013                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2272064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2067328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2277312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2079104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        105.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         95.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     105.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      96.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21547405000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      316552.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        51520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2220544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2067328                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2390837.745462281164                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 103046591.821812793612                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 95936448.265742361546                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          805                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34778                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        32486                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22001000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    985499750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 431455946750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27330.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28336.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  13281288.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19949160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10603230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122815140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            82089720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1700708880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1484588370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7024610400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10445364900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.727730                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18227764000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    719420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2601748000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22969380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12200925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            130662000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            86526720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1700708880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2039719350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6557131680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10549918935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.579666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17008517000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    719420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3820995000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2223844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2223844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2223845                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2223845                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         63111                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             63111                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3152749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3152749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3186206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3186206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2286516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2286516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2286956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2286956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50305.543145                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50305.543145                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50485.747334                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50485.747334                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38099                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38099                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3027405000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3027405000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3059984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3059984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48305.543145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48305.543145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48485.747334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48485.747334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62855                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1359499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1359499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         26463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             26463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    456525000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    456525000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1385962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1385962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17251.445414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17251.445414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    403599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15251.445414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15251.445414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         864345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             864345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2696224000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2696224000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       900554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         900554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.040207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74462.813113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74462.813113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2623806000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2623806000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72462.813113                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72462.813113                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33457000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33457000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32579000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32579000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.767086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2226705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.426060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.767086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2350067                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2350067                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             71410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            71410                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431430000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2616193000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3047623000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431430000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2616193000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3047623000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           95970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          95970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.744087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.744087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14597.530029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62506.104408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42677.818233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14597.530029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62506.104408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42677.818233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2532483000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2904805000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2532483000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2904805000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12597.597699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60506.104408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40677.846240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12597.597699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60506.104408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40677.846240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73358                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            71410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431430000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2616193000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3047623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          95970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.744087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14597.530029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62506.104408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42677.818233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2532483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2904805000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12597.597699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60506.104408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40677.846240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.917422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 124890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                73358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.702473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    81.176731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    13.908712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   413.831979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.158548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.808266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               207939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              207939                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                95970                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               95969                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38099                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       164321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  230038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6477440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2102912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           164290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            286465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           315555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21548932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25292237000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120032                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   185513                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    49.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              505963015                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000185                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9273449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25292237000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            691170                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9273449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1692486                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1034345                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7925772                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25292226                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25292226                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5184053                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5082588                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       436090                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 280166                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        280166                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               279592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               13928                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237554                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9253841                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9253841                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20990747                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7523633                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1692461                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2726804                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1034343                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  5934      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6530422     70.42%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.03%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1858      0.02%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3024      0.03%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1512      0.02%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1687531     18.20%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  769907      8.30%     97.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4930      0.05%     97.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      2.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9273977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        35534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         8455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           43989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        35534                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         8455                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          43989                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34849                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35703                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2145016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2196780000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2145016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2196780000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        79692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        79692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.448012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.448012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60613.583138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61551.723148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61529.283254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60613.583138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61551.723148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61529.283254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        32594                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            32594                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50056000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2075318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2125374000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50056000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2075318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2125374000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58613.583138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59551.723148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59529.283254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58613.583138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59551.723148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59529.283254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 34658                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        35534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         8455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          43989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2145016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2196780000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        79692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.448012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60613.583138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61551.723148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61529.283254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50056000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2075318000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2125374000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58613.583138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59551.723148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59529.283254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1996.211002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              83176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            34658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.399908                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   137.710195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    35.605226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1822.895582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.067241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.890086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1953                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           152408                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          152408                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7886079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7886079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7886079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7886079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          39693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              39693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         39693                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             39693                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    791037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    791037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7925772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7925772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19928.879147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19928.879147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19928.879147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19928.879147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    711653000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    711653000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    711653000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    711653000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17928.929534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17928.929534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17928.929534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17928.929534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      39458                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7886079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7886079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         39693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             39693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    791037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7925772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19928.879147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19928.879147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    711653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    711653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17928.929534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17928.929534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.291214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1429868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 39458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 36.237721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.291214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7965464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7965464                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35703                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35703                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       104000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       104000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 104000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4371008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4371008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4371008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           198673000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          188105500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2230336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2284992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2086016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2086016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35703                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         32594                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               32594                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2160979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           88182631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               90343610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2160979                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2160979                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        82476532                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              82476532                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        82476532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2160979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          88182631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             172820142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     32376.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       854.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34737.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009374092500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2016                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2016                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               108233                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               30429                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35703                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       32594                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35703                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     32594                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    218                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     342778250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   177955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1010109500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9631.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28381.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31821                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    30043                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35703                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 32594                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     714.878843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    517.213039                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    391.088570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           685     11.26%     11.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          697     11.46%     22.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          420      6.90%     29.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          145      2.38%     32.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          159      2.61%     34.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          165      2.71%     37.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          257      4.22%     41.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          326      5.36%     46.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3229     53.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.651786                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.309958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      42.215373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            2006     99.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             3      0.15%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      0.25%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.049603                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.046783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.312708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1966     97.52%     97.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.05%     97.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                48      2.38%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2277824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     7168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2070784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2284992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2086016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         90.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         81.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      90.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      82.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25127531000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      367915.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2223168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2070784                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2160979.275973097887                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 87899223.781589582562                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 81874292.099983096123                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          854                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34849                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        32594                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     23291000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    986818500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 561222152750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27272.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28316.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  17218572.52                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19963440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10610820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122815140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            82168020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1996350720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1541203050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8414364000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12187475190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.866242                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21840272250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    844480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2607484750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              23469180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12474165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            131304600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            86730300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1996350720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2196768600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7862308800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12309406365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.687135                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20400109750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    844480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4047647250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2657226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2657226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2657227                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2657227                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          68637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              68637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         69076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             69076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3251260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3251260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3284717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3284717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2725863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2725863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2726303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2726303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47368.911811                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47368.911811                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47552.217847                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47552.217847                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         68637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3113986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3113986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3146565000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3146565000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45368.911811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45368.911811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45552.217847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45552.217847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68820                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1660191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1660191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         31855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             31855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544071000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    544071000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1692046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1692046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17079.610736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17079.610736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    480361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15079.610736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15079.610736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         997035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             997035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2707189000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2707189000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1033817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1033817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.035579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73600.918928                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73600.918928                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2633625000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2633625000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71600.918928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71600.918928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33457000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33457000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32579000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32579000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.949560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2652162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.537663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.949560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2795379                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2795379                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           25772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               29076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          25772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              29076                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         36389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             79693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            79693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2638270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3161370000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2638270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3161370000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          108769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         108769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.732681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.732681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14375.223282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60924.394975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39669.356154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14375.223282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60924.394975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39669.356154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          36010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                36010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2551662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3001986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450324000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2551662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3001986000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12375.278243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58924.394975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37669.381251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12375.278243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58924.394975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37669.381251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82063                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          25772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              29076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            79693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2638270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3161370000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         108769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.732681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14375.223282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60924.394975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39669.356154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450324000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2551662000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3001986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12375.278243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58924.394975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37669.381251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.373650                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 138203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                82063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.684109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    82.991989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    12.293272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   414.088390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.162094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.808766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230029                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               108769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              108768                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       176837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        79385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  256222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6896704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2540288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9436992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           198460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            302194000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           345380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25292237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                29040717000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 128075                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   197502                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              531338926                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10794583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.029041                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29040717000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            799734                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10794583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1998708                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1167838                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9242973                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         29040717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   29040717                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6042247                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5943722                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       500969                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 282128                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        282128                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               282208                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               15563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      278630                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10772039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10772039                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            24478217                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8799120                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1998682                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3166518                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1167836                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6917      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7609551     70.49%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.03%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2185      0.02%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3678      0.03%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1839      0.02%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1993098     18.46%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  903400      8.37%     97.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                5584      0.05%     97.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      2.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10795111                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        42380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        10005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           52385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        42380                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        10005                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          52385                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34956                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35810                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2150794000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2202558000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2150794000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2202558000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        88195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        88195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.406032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.406032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60613.583138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61528.607392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61506.785814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60613.583138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61528.607392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61506.785814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        32704                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            32704                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50056000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2080882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2130938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50056000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2080882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2130938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58613.583138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59528.607392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59506.785814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58613.583138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59528.607392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59506.785814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 34867                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        42380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        10005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          52385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2150794000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2202558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        88195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.406032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60613.583138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61528.607392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61506.785814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50056000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2080882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2130938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58613.583138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59528.607392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59506.785814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2002.895755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             124538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            36915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.373642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   143.169759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    33.849108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1825.876888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.069907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.016528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.891541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           161453                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          161453                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9196435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9196435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9196435                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9196435                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          46538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              46538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         46538                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             46538                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    921111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    921111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    921111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    921111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9242973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9242973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19792.664059                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19792.664059                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19792.664059                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19792.664059                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         46538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828035000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    828035000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828035000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    828035000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17792.664059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17792.664059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17792.664059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17792.664059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      46304                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9196435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9196435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         46538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             46538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    921111000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    921111000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9242973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19792.664059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19792.664059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    828035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17792.664059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17792.664059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.382702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9242973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 46538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                198.611307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.382702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9289511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9289511                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32704                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       104324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       104324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 104324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4384896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4384896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4384896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           199330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          188673000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2237184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2291840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2093056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2093056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         32704                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               32704                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1882047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           77036115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               78918162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1882047                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1882047                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        72073152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              72073152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        72073152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1882047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          77036115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             150991313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     32451.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       854.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34805.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009374092500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2020                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2020                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               109441                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               30497                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35810                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       32704                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35810                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     32704                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     151                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    253                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     344107750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   178295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1012714000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9649.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28399.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31825                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    30106                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35810                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 32704                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     707.857050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    506.337084                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    394.410006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           743     12.07%     12.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          705     11.45%     23.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          421      6.84%     30.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          147      2.39%     32.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          160      2.60%     35.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          166      2.70%     38.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          258      4.19%     42.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          327      5.31%     47.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3229     52.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.649505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.310173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      42.173630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            2010     99.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             3      0.15%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      0.25%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2020                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.053465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.050433                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.324213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1966     97.33%     97.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.05%     97.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                52      2.57%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2020                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2282176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     9664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2075392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2291840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2093056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         78.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         71.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      78.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      72.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28974201000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      422894.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2227520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2075392                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1882047.196011035005                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 76703340.347967296839                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 71464902.192325353622                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          854                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34956                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        32704                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     23291000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    989423000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 650023895000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27272.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28304.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  19875975.26                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19963440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10610820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122815140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            82168020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2291992560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1595214540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9808296960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13931061480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         479.707904                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  25463692250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    969540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2607484750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              23990400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12751200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            131790120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            87106140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2291992560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2322852030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9195549600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14066032050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.355536                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23864834000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    969540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4206343000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3090536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3090536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3090537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3090537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          75042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              75042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         75481                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             75481                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3359527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3359527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3392984000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3392984000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3165578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3165578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3166018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3166018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44768.622905                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44768.622905                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44951.497728                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44951.497728                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           39722                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 39722                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3209443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3209443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3242022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3242022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42768.622905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42768.622905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42951.497728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42951.497728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      75225                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1960968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1960968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         37300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             37300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    635125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    635125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1998268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1998268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17027.479893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17027.479893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    560525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    560525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15027.479893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15027.479893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1129568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1129568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        37742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            37742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2724402000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2724402000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1167310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1167310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72184.886863                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72184.886863                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        37742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2648918000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2648918000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032332                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032332                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70184.886863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70184.886863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33457000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33457000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32579000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32579000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74211.845103                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.085147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3166018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 75481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.944569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.085147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3241499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3241499                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           30520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               33824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          30520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              33824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         43234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         44961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             88195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            88195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2665375000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3277473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2665375000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3277473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          122019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         122019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.722797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.722797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14157.792478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59281.933231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37161.664493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14157.792478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59281.933231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37161.664493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          36343                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                36343                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    525630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2575453000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3101083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    525630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2575453000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3101083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12157.792478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57281.933231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35161.664493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12157.792478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57281.933231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35161.664493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90802                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          30520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              33824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            88195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612098000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2665375000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3277473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         122019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.722797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14157.792478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59281.933231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37161.664493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    525630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2575453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3101083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12157.792478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57281.933231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35161.664493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.712651                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 161741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.771262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    82.049740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    11.066650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   416.596261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.160253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.021615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.813665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               253055                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              253055                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               122019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              122019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         39722                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       190684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        93076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  283760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7372992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2978432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10351424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           232690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            320629000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           377405000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29040717000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
