
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3865229000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 280920                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1455420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   490398                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1079301879                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1005967                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003865                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3865229000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            175664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1005967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      242818                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      109650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1318966                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           197                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3865218                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3865218                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               790039                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614436                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       125681                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 228755                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        228755                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               298240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              191100                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1632283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1632283                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3379522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1419325                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      242790                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        352409                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     109619                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13820      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1218945     69.41%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11643      0.66%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     73003      4.16%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     141      0.01%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       26      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    11254      0.64%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      382      0.02%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3927      0.22%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               23154      1.32%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                7810      0.44%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 224      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              39488      2.25%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   149285      8.50%     88.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   77448      4.41%     92.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               93505      5.32%     98.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              32171      1.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1756226                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    245807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    245807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66416.373953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66416.373953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66416.373953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66416.373953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238405000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    238405000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238405000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    238405000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64416.373953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64416.373953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64416.373953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64416.373953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3445                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245807000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245807000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66416.373953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66416.373953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238405000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238405000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64416.373953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64416.373953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.553716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  302775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 87.888244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.553716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.982632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1322667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1322667                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        15921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       580672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       580672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  580672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            17973000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           36307750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          205632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          232640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              438272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       205632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         205632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       142400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           142400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           53200470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           60187896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              113388366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      53200470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          53200470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        36841284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              36841284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        36841284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          53200470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          60187896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             150229650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1545.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3213.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3032.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000557746750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            89                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            89                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15647                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1425                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6848                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2225                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6848                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2225                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     603                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    680                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      54560500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                171654250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8736.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27486.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4630                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1285                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6848                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2225                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     269.292842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    179.104100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    267.594000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           523     28.36%     28.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          635     34.44%     62.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          239     12.96%     75.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          141      7.65%     83.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           81      4.39%     87.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           47      2.55%     90.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           48      2.60%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      1.57%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          101      5.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           89                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       65.258427                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      43.658281                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     106.583677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              35     39.33%     39.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             28     31.46%     70.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             13     14.61%     85.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             4      4.49%     89.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            5      5.62%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      1.12%     96.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      1.12%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      1.12%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      1.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             89                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           89                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.011236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.980027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.038950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                44     49.44%     49.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      3.37%     52.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                39     43.82%     96.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      3.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             89                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  399680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    38592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    96896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   438272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                142400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        103.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         25.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     113.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      36.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3830641000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      422202.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       205632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       194048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        96896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 53200470.140320278704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 50203493.764535039663                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 25068631.121209118515                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2225                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     89441750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     82212500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  34638411750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27837.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22616.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  15567825.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5205060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2766555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17700060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2865780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      304861440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         497818620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1065032640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1896250155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         490.591930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2763792250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    128960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    972476750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7961100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4231425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             26889240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5037300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      304861440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         882460320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         741123840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1972564665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.335782                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1918202500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    128960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1818066500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    288535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    289836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43401.774970                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43401.774970                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43486.271568                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43486.271568                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    275241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276508000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    276508000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41402.075812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41402.075812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41486.571643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41486.571643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6408                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    140871000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140871000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42202.216896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42202.216896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134195000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134195000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40202.216896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40202.216896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147664000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147664000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44611.480363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44611.480363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    141046000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141046000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42612.084592                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42612.084592                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1301000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1301000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76529.411765                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76529.411765                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1267000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1267000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74529.411765                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74529.411765                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.169184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  266173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.537609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.169184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.973317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.973317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                359112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               359112                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222555000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    441650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    441650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.660718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68190.164955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61208.745875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64483.866258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68190.164955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61208.745875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64483.866258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    427954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    427954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66190.164955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59209.295930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62484.158271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66190.164955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59209.295930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62484.158271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8236                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222555000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    441650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68190.164955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61208.745875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64483.866258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    427954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66190.164955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59209.295930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62484.158271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.361647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   110.268212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    88.473531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   300.619904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.215368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.172800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.587148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.975316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22635                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10366                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10365                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3521                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       651840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       236864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            18505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             27971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            33320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8025250000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 266618                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1482068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   491148                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     7.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1066822623                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2005601                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008025                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8025250000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            418358                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2005601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448446                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      218980                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2594285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           353                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8025239                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8025239                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2001511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1301919                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       310647                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 272041                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        272041                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               357051                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              226164                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       78203                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3541298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3541298                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7032186                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2982030                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      447966                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        666797                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     218831                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21798      0.59%      0.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2802346     75.85%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12786      0.35%     76.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81041      2.19%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     474      0.01%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      146      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14328      0.39%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4812      0.13%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10968      0.30%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25788      0.70%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9641      0.26%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 236      0.01%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              43167      1.17%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   339209      9.18%     91.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  184003      4.98%     96.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108757      2.94%     99.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34828      0.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3694706                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    962466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    962466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60350.263356                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60350.263356                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60350.263356                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60350.263356                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    930572000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    930572000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    930572000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    930572000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58350.388763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58350.388763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58350.388763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58350.388763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15691                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    962466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60350.263356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60350.263356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    930572000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    930572000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58350.388763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58350.388763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.858521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2452660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                156.309987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.858521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2610232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2610232                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4766                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        41278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        41278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  41278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1473408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1473408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1473408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            42086000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           97748750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          747136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          421248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1168384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       747136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         747136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       305024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           305024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            11674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           93098159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           52490327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              145588486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      93098159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          93098159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        38008037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              38008037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        38008037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          93098159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          52490327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             183596523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3232.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     11674.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5464.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005129820750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           188                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           188                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                40980                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3012                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18256                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4766                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4766                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1118                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1534                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     195494000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    85690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                516831500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11407.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30157.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10746                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2677                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4766                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    17133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     188.233116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.757601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    196.149993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2943     42.56%     42.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2306     33.35%     75.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          803     11.61%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          349      5.05%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          158      2.28%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           98      1.42%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           76      1.10%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           45      0.65%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          137      1.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       90.031915                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      58.527695                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     111.229584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              56     29.79%     29.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             46     24.47%     54.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             34     18.09%     72.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            15      7.98%     80.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           13      6.91%     87.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            6      3.19%     90.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            5      2.66%     93.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.53%     93.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            3      1.60%     95.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.53%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            3      1.60%     97.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      1.06%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.53%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.53%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.021277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.990443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.028770                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                92     48.94%     48.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      2.66%     51.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                86     45.74%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.66%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1096832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    71552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   204800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1168384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                305024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        136.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         25.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     145.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      38.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7998839000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      347443.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       747136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       349696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       204800                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 93098158.935858696699                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 43574468.085106387734                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 25519454.222609888762                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4766                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    356465000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    160366500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 193310707750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30534.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24364.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  40560366.71                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              23055060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12254055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             54142620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             9041040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      633079200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1895272800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1485676800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4112521575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         512.447784                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3839480750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    267800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3917969250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              26318040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13988370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             68222700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7662960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      633079200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2240305770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1195122720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4184699760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         521.441670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3081978500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    267800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4675471500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    561407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    561407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    568095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    568095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39918.017634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39918.017634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40074.421558                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40074.421558                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    533279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    539743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    539743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37918.017634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37918.017634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38074.421558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38074.421558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    327475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39138.878929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39138.878929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    310741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37138.878929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37138.878929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233932000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    233932000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41062.313498                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41062.313498                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222538000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222538000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39062.313498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39062.313498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      6688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59714.285714                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59714.285714                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6464000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6464000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57714.285714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57714.285714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.710050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  641150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 46.059626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.710050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                681571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               681571                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               11867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              11867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827969000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1242434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827969000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1242434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           30124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          30124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.606062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70918.115632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62969.462170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68052.473024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70918.115632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62969.462170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68052.473024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    804621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    804621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68918.286938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60969.462170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66052.582571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68918.286938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60969.462170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66052.582571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21520                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              11867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1242434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          30124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70918.115632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62969.462170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68052.473024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    804621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68918.286938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60969.462170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66052.582571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.912946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  34798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.617007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    91.691231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   173.850153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   240.371563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.179084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.339551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.469476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59240                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                30124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               30123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   67331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1020608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2381248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            79735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             65544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            70880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12419434000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 171869                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1500152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   323623                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              711488574                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000028                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012419                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12419434000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            664460                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      697620                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      342414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3884533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           496                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12419423                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12419423                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3254303                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1920834                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       492688                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 294691                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        294691                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               386572                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              244092                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      123353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5479530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5479530                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10799401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4546091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      696568                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1038730                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     342162                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27846      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4364601     77.26%     77.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12970      0.23%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81801      1.45%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     634      0.01%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      258      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16254      0.29%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8906      0.16%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15855      0.28%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               26705      0.47%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9727      0.17%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 243      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              44129      0.78%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   579445     10.26%     91.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  306652      5.43%     97.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              117123      2.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              35510      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5649037                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   246                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1773395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1773395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1773395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1773395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58671.177132                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58671.177132                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58671.177132                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58671.177132                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1712943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1712943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1712943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1712943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56671.177132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56671.177132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56671.177132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56671.177132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29970                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1773395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1773395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58671.177132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58671.177132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1712943000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1712943000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56671.177132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56671.177132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.616209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3584451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                119.601301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.616209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3914759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3914759                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               31046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              31046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        68215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        68215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  68215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2378816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2378816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2378816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            61661000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          166485250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1366592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          620352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1986944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1366592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1366592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       391872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           391872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            21353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                31046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          110036577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           49950102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              159986679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     110036577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         110036577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        31553129                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              31553129                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        31553129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         110036577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          49950102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             191539808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4148.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     21353.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8175.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005129820750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           241                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           241                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                68220                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3879                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        31046                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6123                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      31046                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6123                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1518                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1975                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     342113250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   147640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                895763250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11586.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30336.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     18123                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3433                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  31046                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6123                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    29514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     178.090638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    127.738576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    180.879718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5423     44.85%     44.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3882     32.10%     76.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1337     11.06%     88.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          698      5.77%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          262      2.17%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          158      1.31%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          101      0.84%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           61      0.50%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          170      1.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      118.560166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      73.168124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     140.686403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              57     23.65%     23.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             51     21.16%     44.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             41     17.01%     61.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            24      9.96%     71.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           20      8.30%     80.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            9      3.73%     83.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            7      2.90%     86.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            3      1.24%     87.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      0.83%     88.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      1.66%     90.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      1.24%     91.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            7      2.90%     94.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            3      1.24%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      0.83%     96.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.41%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.41%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            2      0.83%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.41%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.41%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.095436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.065363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.014078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               108     44.81%     44.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 7      2.90%     47.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               121     50.21%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1889792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    97152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   263680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1986944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                391872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        152.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         21.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     159.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      31.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12418979000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      334121.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1366592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       523200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       263680                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 110036576.546080917120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 42127523.685862012208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 21231241.294893149287                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6123                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    649333250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    246430000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 294297619250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30409.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25423.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  48064285.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              34286280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              18223590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             82774020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10121580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      980350800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3269812980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2015536320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6411105570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         516.215600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5204027250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    414700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6800706750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              52050600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              27665550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            128055900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11384820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      980350800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3964437210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1430589600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6594534480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         530.985106                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3675572000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    414700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8329162000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    828449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    828449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    837329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    837329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41428.664300                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41428.664300                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41556.851457                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41556.851457                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    788457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    788457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    797033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    797033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39428.764315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39428.764315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39556.950717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39556.950717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19892                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    552247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    552247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41980.007602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41980.007602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    525939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    525939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39980.159635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39980.159635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276202000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    276202000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40368.605671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40368.605671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38368.605671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38368.605671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8880000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      8880000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58421.052632                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58421.052632                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8576000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8576000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56421.052632                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56421.052632                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.874084                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  997705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 50.156093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.874084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1060146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1060146                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            8873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         21353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1511715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2133770000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1511715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2133770000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           50375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          50375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.616318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70796.375217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64169.073654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68727.091184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70796.375217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64169.073654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68727.091184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1469009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    602669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2071678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1469009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    602669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2071678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68796.375217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62169.279967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66727.155603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68796.375217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62169.279967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66727.155603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     35462                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1511715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2133770000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          50375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70796.375217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64169.073654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68727.091184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1469009000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    602669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2071678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68796.375217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62169.279967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66727.155603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.066638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                35462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.610738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    87.570758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   205.408180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   215.087700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.171037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.401188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.420093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                95484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               95484                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                50375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               50374                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        49432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        60452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  109884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1874112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1934464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3808576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           151130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             96050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           100740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17433183000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 163655                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1516728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   309829                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              713231210                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000106                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7572992                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017433                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17433183000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            871752                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7572992                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      972807                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           115                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      532017                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5195304                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           725                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17433172                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17433172                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4243708                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2453060                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       635510                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 316765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        316765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               422078                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              261362                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174575                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7387565                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7387565                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14672657                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6053631                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      971515                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1503186                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     531671                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 31579      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5806968     76.68%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13869      0.18%     77.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81850      1.08%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     740      0.01%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.02%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19138      0.25%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11530      0.15%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18195      0.24%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               28324      0.37%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  18      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9764      0.13%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 251      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              45971      0.61%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  6      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   849055     11.21%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  493090      6.51%     97.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              122460      1.62%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38581      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7573029                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5144387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5144387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5144387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5144387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          50917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              50917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         50917                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             50917                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2951571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2951571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2951571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2951571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5195304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5195304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57968.281713                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57968.281713                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57968.281713                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57968.281713                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         50917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2849739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2849739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2849739000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2849739000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55968.320993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55968.320993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55968.320993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55968.320993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      50660                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5144387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5144387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         50917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             50917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2951571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2951571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5195304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57968.281713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57968.281713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2849739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2849739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55968.320993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55968.320993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.014184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5175990                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 50660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                102.171141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.014184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5246220                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5246220                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               48919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              48919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       105717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       105717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 105717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3635072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3635072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3635072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            88314000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          262311750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2288640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          842176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3130816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2288640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2288640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       504256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           504256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            35760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                48919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          131280673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           48308791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              179589465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     131280673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         131280673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        28925068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              28925068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        28925068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         131280673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          48308791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             208514532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5602.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     35760.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11217.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005947848500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           327                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           327                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               106100                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5247                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        48919                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7879                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      48919                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7879                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1942                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2277                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               4570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               5653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     528772000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   234885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1409590750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11255.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30005.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     29146                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4601                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  48919                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7879                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    46963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        18800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     178.880000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    128.987105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    177.717663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          8148     43.34%     43.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6208     33.02%     76.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2098     11.16%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1138      6.05%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          510      2.71%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          249      1.32%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      0.77%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           85      0.45%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          220      1.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         18800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      143.042813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      70.998435                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     537.737750                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511            316     96.64%     96.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            8      2.45%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      0.61%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.039755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.009577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.015951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               155     47.40%     47.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      3.36%     50.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               154     47.09%     97.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 7      2.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3006528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   124288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   356608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3130816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                504256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        172.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         20.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     179.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      28.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17432043000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      306912.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2288640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       717888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       356608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 131280673.185154989362                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 41179399.080477729440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 20455702.208827842027                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        35760                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13159                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7879                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1065213750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    344377000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 424449856000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29787.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26170.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  53871031.35                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              52386180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              27843915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            132239940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            14005260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1375564320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5177486700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2334353760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9113880075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         522.789216                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6015546250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    581880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10835756750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              81860100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              43502085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            203175840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15080580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1375564320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5972678880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1664718240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9356580045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         536.710941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4264318750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    581880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12586984250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1476962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1476962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1477820                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1477820                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1132560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1132560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1142097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1142097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1503765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1503765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1504787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1504787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42254.971458                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42254.971458                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42351.652019                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42351.652019                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11924                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11924                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1078954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1078954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1088163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1088163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40254.971458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40254.971458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40351.652019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40351.652019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      26711                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          952718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              952718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    815039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    815039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       971785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          971785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42746.053391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42746.053391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    776905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    776905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40746.053391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40746.053391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         524244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             524244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7736                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7736                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    317521000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    317521000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       531980                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         531980                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41044.596691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41044.596691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    302049000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    302049000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39044.596691                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39044.596691                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9537000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      9537000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58152.439024                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58152.439024                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9209000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9209000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56152.439024                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56152.439024                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.485494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 26711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 49.464266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.485494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1531754                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1531754                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15156                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28964                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         35761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        35761                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2509080000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    855675000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3364755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2509080000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    855675000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3364755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        50917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           77884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        50917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          77884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.702339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.628114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.702339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.628114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70162.467493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65025.837830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68780.764513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70162.467493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65025.837830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68780.764513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7879                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7879                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2437560000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    829357000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3266917000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2437560000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    829357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3266917000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.702339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.702339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68162.523419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63025.837830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66780.805397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68162.523419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63025.837830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66780.805397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54565                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        35761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2509080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    855675000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3364755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        50917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          77884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.702339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.628114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70162.467493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65025.837830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68780.764513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2437560000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    829357000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3266917000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.702339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68162.523419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63025.837830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66780.805397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11924                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11924                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11924                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11924                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.197865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54565                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.630514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    83.398548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   229.205313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   196.594005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.162888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.447667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.383973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               144885                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              144885                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                77884                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               77883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11924                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  167691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2489024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3258624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5747648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           254580000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            137504000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           134835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22885059000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 165593                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1528388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   309603                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              757891532                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000126                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9348667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022885                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22885059000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1057176                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9348667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1236391                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           124                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      685218                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6535699                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1488                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22885048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22885048                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5186923                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2991873                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       765765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 389396                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        389396                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               552091                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              323569                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      214667                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9113025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9113025                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18193225                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7429944                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1235099                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1919932                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     684833                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 32843      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7125873     76.22%     76.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17345      0.19%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82249      0.88%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2244      0.02%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    22344      0.24%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11550      0.12%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20641      0.22%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               43801      0.47%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  90      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10560      0.11%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 374      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              57164      0.61%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 54      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1098117     11.75%     91.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636885      6.81%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136982      1.47%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              47948      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9348704                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6460004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6460004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6460004                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6460004                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          75695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              75695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         75695                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             75695                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4515475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4515475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4515475000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4515475000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6535699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6535699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59653.543827                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59653.543827                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59653.543827                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59653.543827                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4364087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4364087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4364087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4364087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57653.570249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57653.570249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57653.570249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57653.570249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      75438                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6460004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6460004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         75695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             75695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4515475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4515475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6535699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59653.543827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59653.543827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4364087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4364087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57653.570249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57653.570249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.249034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6517737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 75438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.398592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.249034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6611393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6611393                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               74022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              74022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       159734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       159734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 159734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5485568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      5485568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5485568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           132472000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          396127500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3596800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1140608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4737408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3596800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3596800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            56200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            17822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                74022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         11690                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               11690                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          157168046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           49840728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              207008774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     157168046                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         157168046                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        32692072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              32692072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        32692072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         157168046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          49840728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             239700846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      8294.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     56200.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     14910.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005947848500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           485                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           485                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               159473                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7787                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        74022                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       11690                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      74022                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     11690                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2912                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3396                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               7474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               7866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               7307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               3289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               4570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               4076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              3077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              5460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     750350500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   355550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2083663000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10551.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29301.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     46300                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6861                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  74022                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 11690                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    71096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        26215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     193.782186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    135.464990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    198.941550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10967     41.83%     41.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8468     32.30%     74.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3018     11.51%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1537      5.86%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          815      3.11%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          479      1.83%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          303      1.16%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          175      0.67%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          453      1.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         26215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      146.346392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      85.305992                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     445.493439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511            471     97.11%     97.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           11      2.27%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      0.41%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.045361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.015421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.011302                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               227     46.80%     46.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                19      3.92%     50.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               229     47.22%     97.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                10      2.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4551040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   186368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   529088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4737408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                748160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        198.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         23.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     207.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      32.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22884240000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      266989.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3596800                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       954240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       529088                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 157168045.754218935966                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 41697074.060416452587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 23119363.598756726831                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        56200                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        17822                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        11690                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1616468250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    467194750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 558140985250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28762.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26214.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  47745165.55                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              69165180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              36762165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            187931940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            15712200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1806426960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6993461100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2898632640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12008092185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         524.713184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7464890000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    764140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14656029000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             118017060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              62723760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            319793460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            27441540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1806426960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8208086640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1875790080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12418279500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.636989                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4792884500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    764140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17328034500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1884526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1884526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1885568                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1885568                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          35793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              35793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         36004                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             36004                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1525234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1525234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1537015000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1537015000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1920319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1920319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1921572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1921572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42612.633755                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42612.633755                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42690.117765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42690.117765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16483                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16483                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         35793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1453648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1453648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1465007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40612.633755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40612.633755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40690.117765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40690.117765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      35748                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1209427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1209427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1106424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1106424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1235138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1235138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43033.098674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43033.098674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1055002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1055002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41033.098674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41033.098674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         675099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             675099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10082                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10082                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418810000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    418810000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       685181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         685181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41540.368974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41540.368974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    398646000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    398646000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014714                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014714                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39540.368974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39540.368974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11781000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     11781000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55834.123223                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55834.123223                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11359000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11359000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53834.123223                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53834.123223                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.846292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1874873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 35748                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 52.446934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.846292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1957576                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1957576                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               37676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              37676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             74023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17822                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            74023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3884754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1156941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5041695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3884754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1156941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5041695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.662701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.662701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69122.506717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64916.451577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68109.844238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69122.506717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64916.451577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68109.844238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11690                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11690                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        74023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3772354000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1121297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4893651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3772354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1121297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4893651000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67122.542304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62916.451577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66109.871256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67122.542304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62916.451577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66109.871256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     83039                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              37676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            74023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3884754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1156941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5041695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.662701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69122.506717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64916.451577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68109.844238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3772354000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1121297000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4893651000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67122.542304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62916.451577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66109.871256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16483                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16483                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16483                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16483                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.865414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 127454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                83039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.534869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    76.909055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   270.841633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   162.114726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.150213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.528988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.316630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               211733                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              211733                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111699                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111698                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16483                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       151389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3359168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4844416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8203584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           378470000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            194114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           180020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22885059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28358487000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 167769                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1530060                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   311612                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              792928872                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000014                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11144502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028358                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28358487000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1247531                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11144502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1499635                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           124                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      840368                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7875046                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2171                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28358486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28358486                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6149867                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3534623                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       899775                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 453630                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        453630                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               666884                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              379016                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      255150                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10863751                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10863751                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21753192                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8826732                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1498343                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2338312                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     839969                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34078      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8466903     75.97%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20819      0.19%     76.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82837      0.74%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3749      0.03%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    25162      0.23%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11568      0.10%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23219      0.21%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               57703      0.52%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 138      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11349      0.10%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 549      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              66413      0.60%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                100      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1348559     12.10%     91.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  784313      7.04%     98.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              149784      1.34%     99.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              55656      0.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11144539                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7775040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7775040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7775040                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7775040                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         100006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             100006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        100006                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            100006                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6033451000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6033451000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6033451000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6033451000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7875046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7875046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60330.890147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60330.890147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60330.890147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60330.890147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        100006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5833439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5833439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5833439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5833439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58330.890147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58330.890147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58330.890147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58330.890147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      99750                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7775040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7775040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        100006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            100006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6033451000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6033451000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7875046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60330.890147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60330.890147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5833439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5833439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58330.890147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58330.890147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.393977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7846377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 99750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 78.660421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.393977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7975052                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7975052                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               99214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              99214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       214609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       214609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 214609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      7385280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      7385280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 7385280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           180119000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          530434000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         4857472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1492224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6349696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      4857472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        4857472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1035584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1035584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            75898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            23316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                99214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         16181                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               16181                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          171288123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           52620015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              223908137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     171288123                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         171288123                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        36517604                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              36517604                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        36517604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         171288123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          52620015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             260425741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     11212.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     75898.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     19191.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005947848500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           656                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           656                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               213232                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               10543                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        99214                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       16181                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      99214                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     16181                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    4125                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   4969                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              10544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               9973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              10533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               8200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               5404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               5138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              3305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              5080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              7282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              4766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              4057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     971537750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   475445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2754456500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10217.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28967.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     63114                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9343                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  99214                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 16181                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    95075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        33825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     201.095285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    138.909120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    208.100655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         13822     40.86%     40.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10922     32.29%     73.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3940     11.65%     84.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1906      5.63%     90.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1128      3.33%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          706      2.09%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          444      1.31%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          286      0.85%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          671      1.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         33825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      144.935976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      91.578803                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     388.634170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511            638     97.26%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           14      2.13%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            3      0.46%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.064024                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.033907                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.013881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               303     46.19%     46.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                22      3.35%     49.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               317     48.32%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                14      2.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6085696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   264000                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   716416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6349696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1035584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        214.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         25.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     223.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      36.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28358312000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      245749.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      4857472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1228224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       716416                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 171288122.670296192169                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 43310632.192754141986                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 25262842.830789949745                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        75898                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        23316                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        16181                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   2151921750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    602534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 692515674250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28352.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25842.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  42798076.40                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              85851360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              45631080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            239732640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            17220780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2238518880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8783562630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3492974880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14903492250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         525.539048                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8992972750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    946920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18418594250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             155666280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              82734795                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            439202820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            41211900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2238518880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       10451009280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2088809280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15497153235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         546.473203                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5326420750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    946920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  22085146250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2291405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2291405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2292636                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2292636                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47330                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47330                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1989124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1989124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2002358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2002358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2338492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2338492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2339966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2339966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42243.591649                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42243.591649                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42306.317346                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42306.317346                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           22110                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 22110                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1894950000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1894950000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1907698000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1907698000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40243.591649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40243.591649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40306.317346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40306.317346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47074                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1464196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1464196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         33965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             33965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1450930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1450930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1498161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1498161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42718.386574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42718.386574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1383000000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1383000000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40718.386574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40718.386574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         827209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             827209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    538194000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    538194000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       840331                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         840331                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015615                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015615                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41014.631916                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41014.631916                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    511950000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    511950000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015615                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015615                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39014.631916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39014.631916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13234000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13234000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54460.905350                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54460.905350                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12748000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12748000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52460.905350                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52460.905350                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.068968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2269828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 48.218295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.068968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2387296                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2387296                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           24108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           24014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               48122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          24108                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          24014                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              48122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         75898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             99214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        75898                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23316                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            99214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5214842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1501732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6716574000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5214842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1501732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6716574000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       100006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          147336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       100006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         147336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68708.556220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64407.788643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67697.845062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68708.556220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64407.788643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67697.845062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16182                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16182                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5063046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1455100000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6518146000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5063046000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1455100000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6518146000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66708.556220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62407.788643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65697.845062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66708.556220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62407.788643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65697.845062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    112259                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          24108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          24014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              48122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        75898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            99214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5214842000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1501732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6716574000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       100006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         147336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68708.556220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64407.788643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67697.845062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5063046000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1455100000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6518146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66708.556220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62407.788643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65697.845062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        22110                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22110                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        22110                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22110                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.277407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 168624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               112259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.502098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.665012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   295.639194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.973202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.143877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.577420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.275338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               282217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              282217                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               147336                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              147336                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         22110                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       116770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       200012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  316782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4444160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6400384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10844544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           500030000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257886000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           236650000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28358487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                33795484000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 172950                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1531240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   319200                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              834975019                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12919504                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.033795                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 33795484000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1431774                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12919504                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1763987                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           128                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      993191                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            94                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9211043                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2776                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         33795484                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   33795484                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7108159                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4090885                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1030128                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 508763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        508763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               763286                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              426007                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      293725                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12600637                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12600637                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25297958                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10219889                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1762692                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2755461                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     992769                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 35325      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9792778     75.80%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    24677      0.19%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     83383      0.65%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5026      0.04%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    27536      0.21%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11632      0.09%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25890      0.20%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               69154      0.54%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 180      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11989      0.09%     78.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 702      0.01%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              74029      0.57%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                140      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1601560     12.40%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929948      7.20%     98.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              161132      1.25%     99.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              62821      0.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12919542                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9088216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9088216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9088216                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9088216                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         122827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             122827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        122827                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            122827                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7456360000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7456360000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7456360000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7456360000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9211043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9211043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60706.196520                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60706.196520                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60706.196520                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60706.196520                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        122827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       122827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7210706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7210706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7210706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7210706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58706.196520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58706.196520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58706.196520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58706.196520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     122571                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9088216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9088216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        122827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            122827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7456360000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7456360000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9211043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60706.196520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60706.196520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       122827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7210706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7210706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58706.196520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58706.196520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.491473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9211043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                122827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 74.992005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.491473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.998014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9333870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9333870                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              124130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             124130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        21923                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       270183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       270183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 270183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      9347392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      9347392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 9347392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           233745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          663076000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         6031744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1912576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             7944320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      6031744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        6031744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1403072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1403072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            94246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            29884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               124130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         21923                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               21923                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          178477811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           56592650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              235070461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     178477811                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         178477811                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        41516553                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              41516553                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        41516553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         178477811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          56592650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             276587014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     14595.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     94246.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     24010.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005947848500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           854                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           854                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               266588                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               13724                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       124130                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       21923                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     124130                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     21923                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    5874                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   7328                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              13810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              11918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              13476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              10128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               7361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               8151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              3517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              9118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              5692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               3263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               3544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1195746500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   591280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               3413046500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10111.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28861.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     79331                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    12213                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 124130                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 21923                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   118242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        41281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     205.919043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    141.182692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    213.867723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         16644     40.32%     40.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13261     32.12%     72.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4876     11.81%     84.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2280      5.52%     89.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1436      3.48%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          917      2.22%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          581      1.41%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          378      0.92%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          908      2.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         41281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      138.448478                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      92.657141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     343.291490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511            834     97.66%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           16      1.87%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            3      0.35%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.063232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.033312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.010255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               393     46.02%     46.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                31      3.63%     49.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               413     48.36%     98.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      1.99%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 7568384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   375936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   932608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  7944320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1403072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        223.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         27.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     235.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      41.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    33794087000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      231382.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      6031744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1536640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       932608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 178477810.822298020124                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 45468796.955238163471                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 27595639.701446499676                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        94246                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        29884                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        21923                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   2656881250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    756165250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 825722820750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28190.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25303.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  37664681.88                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             102416160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              54431685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            291868920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            19287900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2667537600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       10563599100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4081803840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         17780945205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         526.133764                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10506329000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1128400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  22160755000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             192351600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             102229710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            552478920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            56777940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2667537600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12678673020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2300688960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         18550737750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         548.911735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5857166250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1128400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  26809917750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2695468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2695468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2696878                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2696878                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          59962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              59962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         60262                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             60262                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2521109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2521109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2538191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2538191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2755430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2755430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2757140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2757140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42045.111904                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42045.111904                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42119.262554                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42119.262554                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28753                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28753                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2401185000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2401185000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2417667000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2417667000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40045.111904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40045.111904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40119.262554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40119.262554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      60006                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1719090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1719090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         43187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             43187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1839746000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1839746000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1762277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1762277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42599.532267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42599.532267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1753372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1753372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40599.532267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40599.532267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         976378                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             976378                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16775                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16775                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    681363000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    681363000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       993153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         993153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40617.764531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40617.764531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    647813000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    647813000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016891                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016891                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38617.764531                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38617.764531                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     17082000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     17082000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        56940                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        56940                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16482000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16482000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        54940                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54940                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.218752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2757140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 60262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.752547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.218752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2817402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2817402                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           30378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               58959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28581                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          30378                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              58959                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         94246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         29884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            124130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        94246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29884                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           124130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6460030000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1902573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   8362603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6460030000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1902573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   8362603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       122827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          183089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       122827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         183089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.677976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.677976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68544.341404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63665.272387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67369.717232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68544.341404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63665.272387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67369.717232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21923                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21923                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       124130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       124130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6271538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1842805000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8114343000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6271538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1842805000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8114343000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66544.341404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61665.272387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65369.717232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66544.341404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61665.272387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65369.717232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    142476                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          30378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              58959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        94246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           124130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6460030000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1902573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8362603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       122827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         183089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.677976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68544.341404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63665.272387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67369.717232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       124130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6271538000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1842805000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8114343000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66544.341404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61665.272387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65369.717232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28753                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28753                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28753                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28753                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.554537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 211842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               142988                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.481537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.089297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   310.745853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   127.719387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.140799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.606925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.249452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               354830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              354830                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               183089                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              183089                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28753                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  394931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5696960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7860928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13557888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           614135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            326854000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           301310000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  33795484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
