
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4508707000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 269725                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1438828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   510911                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1215920528                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000081                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1894466                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004509                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4508707000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            220026                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000081                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1894466                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      208625                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            86                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      173595                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1300983                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           413                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4508696                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4508696                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1111478                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              581967                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       163983                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  18178                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         18178                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                24064                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11277                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       40674                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1881034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1881034                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3697211                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1492854                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      208570                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        382158                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     173588                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  3672      0.19%      0.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1494554     78.89%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      738      0.04%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      3547      0.19%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      53      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       24      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4217      0.22%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2432      0.13%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2860      0.15%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      9      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   204679     10.80%     90.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  169205      8.93%     99.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3891      0.21%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4383      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1894514                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1280523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1280523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1280523                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1280523                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    687767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    687767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1300983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1300983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1300983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1300983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33615.200391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33615.200391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33615.200391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33615.200391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    646847000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    646847000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    646847000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    646847000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31615.200391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31615.200391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31615.200391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31615.200391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20204                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1280523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1280523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    687767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1300983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1300983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33615.200391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33615.200391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    646847000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    646847000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31615.200391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31615.200391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.811268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1201500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 59.468422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.811268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.979732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1321443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1321443                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11918                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11918                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        28836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1082752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1082752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1082752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            36918000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           63799750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          395840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          366912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              762752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       395840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         395840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       320000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           320000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5000                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5000                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           87794572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           81378542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              169173113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      87794572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          87794572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        70973785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              70973785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        70973785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          87794572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          81378542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             240146898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2875.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6185.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5605.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001699169750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           166                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           166                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29625                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2688                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11918                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5000                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11918                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5000                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2125                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     127188750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    58950000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                348251250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10787.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29537.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7714                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2361                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11918                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5000                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     205.155867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.573652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    206.248564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1854     40.59%     40.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1333     29.18%     69.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          673     14.73%     84.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          280      6.13%     90.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          150      3.28%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          101      2.21%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      0.90%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           43      0.94%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           93      2.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       70.981928                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      45.254186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     124.056608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              56     33.73%     33.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             66     39.76%     73.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             27     16.27%     89.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             5      3.01%     92.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            2      1.20%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      1.20%     95.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.60%     95.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.60%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            1      0.60%     96.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.60%     97.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.60%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      0.60%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.60%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.60%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.186747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.155177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.042174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                68     40.96%     40.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 8      4.82%     45.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                81     48.80%     94.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 9      5.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  754560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     8192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   182592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   762752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                320000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        167.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         40.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     169.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      70.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4508008000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      266462.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       395840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       358720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       182592                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 87794571.703151255846                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 79561612.675208210945                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 40497641.563312940300                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6185                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5733                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5000                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    186514750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    161736500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 106038798500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30155.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28211.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  21207759.70                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15615180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8299665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             45688860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6128280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      355876560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1741298700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         264986880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2437894125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         540.708040                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    673895750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    150540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3684271250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              17000340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9035895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             38491740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8764380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      355876560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1521813930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         449816160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2400799005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         532.480599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1154583500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    150540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3203583500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           373165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               373165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          373255                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              373255                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8917                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8917                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    472049000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    472049000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    473923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    473923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       382044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           382044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       382172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          382172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53164.658182                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53164.658182                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53148.256140                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53148.256140                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5563                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5563                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    454293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    454293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    456091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51164.883433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51164.883433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51148.480431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51148.480431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8660                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          202947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              202947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          5550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              5550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    270623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       208497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          208497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48760.900901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48760.900901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    259525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46761.261261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46761.261261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         170218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             170218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201426000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    201426000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       173547                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         173547                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60506.458396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60506.458396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194768000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194768000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019182                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019182                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58506.458396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58506.458396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.249152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  370547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.788337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.249152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                391088                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               391088                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           14275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          14275                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3183                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17458                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             11919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6185                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            11919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    827952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    827952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           29377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          29377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.302297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.643041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.405726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.302297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.643041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.405726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70528.051738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68318.102546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69464.887994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70528.051738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68318.102546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69464.887994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5000                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5000                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423846000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    804116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423846000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    804116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.302297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.643041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.302297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.643041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68528.051738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66318.451343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67465.055793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68528.051738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66318.451343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67465.055793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15698                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          14275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            11919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    827952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          29377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.302297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.643041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.405726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70528.051738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68318.102546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69464.887994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    804116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.302297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.643041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68528.051738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66318.451343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67465.055793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5563                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5563                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5563                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5563                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.818410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  34078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.170850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   141.077191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   208.713418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   154.027801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.275541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.407643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.300836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.984020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                51150                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               51150                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                29377                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               29376                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5563                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   64316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       926656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1309440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2236096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           102300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             57192000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            44580000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10175785000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 230830                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1456004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   435380                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1174319308                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000134                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3772650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010176                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10175785000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            451295                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000134                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3772650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      423026                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           134                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      307977                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2612290                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1054                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10175774                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10175774                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2195731                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1203259                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       355059                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  24751                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         24751                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                30975                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11730                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       71685                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3753149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3753149                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7381117                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3025938                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      422920                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        730866                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     307946                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8603      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3004193     79.63%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5857      0.16%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     12978      0.34%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      88      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4306      0.11%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.06%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3114      0.08%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   419013     11.11%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  297452      7.88%     99.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3907      0.10%     99.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              10494      0.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3772751                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    22                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2563713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2563713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2563713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2563713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          48577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              48577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         48577                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             48577                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2348134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2348134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2348134000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2348134000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2612290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2612290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2612290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2612290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48338.390596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48338.390596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48338.390596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48338.390596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         48577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2250982000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2250982000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2250982000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2250982000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46338.431768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46338.431768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46338.431768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46338.431768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      48320                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2563713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2563713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         48577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             48577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2348134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2348134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2612290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2612290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48338.390596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48338.390596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2250982000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2250982000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46338.431768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46338.431768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.700966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2535205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 48320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 52.466991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.700966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2660866                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2660866                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               40929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              40929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        92640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        92640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  92640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3309504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3309504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3309504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            94839000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          219766500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1702080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          917376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2619456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1702080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1702080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       690048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           690048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            26595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            14334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                40929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         10782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               10782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          167267685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           90152848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              257420533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     167267685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         167267685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        67812754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              67812754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        67812754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         167267685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          90152848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             325233287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7377.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     26595.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     13223.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001699169750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           432                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           432                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                92736                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6926                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        40929                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       10782                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      40929                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     10782                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1111                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3405                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               4333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              4102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     455624000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   199090000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1202211500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11442.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30192.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     24742                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5782                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  40929                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 10782                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    39818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        16640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     181.353846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    131.851952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    173.990588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7086     42.58%     42.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5290     31.79%     74.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2204     13.25%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1037      6.23%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          401      2.41%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          266      1.60%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          103      0.62%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           81      0.49%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          172      1.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         16640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       91.930556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      58.722708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     101.846068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             122     28.24%     28.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            116     26.85%     55.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             54     12.50%     67.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            21      4.86%     72.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           36      8.33%     80.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           28      6.48%     87.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           18      4.17%     91.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           20      4.63%     96.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            6      1.39%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            3      0.69%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            2      0.46%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.23%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.23%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.23%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      0.23%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.025463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.994775                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.024887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               209     48.38%     48.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                15      3.47%     51.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               196     45.37%     97.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      2.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2548352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    71104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   470720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2619456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                690048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        250.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         46.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     257.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      67.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10174573000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      196758.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1702080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       846272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       470720                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 167267684.999240845442                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 83165279.140626505017                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 46258838.998662024736                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        26595                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        14334                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        10782                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    783901500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    418310000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 241697027250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29475.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29183.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  22416715.57                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              62732040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              33320100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            158907840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            18536220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      802719840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4079326410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         472279200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5627821650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         553.060196                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1192510750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    339560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8643714250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              56141820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              29828700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            125392680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            19856880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      802719840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3878400840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         641479680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5553820440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         545.787911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1630888000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    339560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8205337000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           707915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               707915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          708005                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              708005                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          22859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              22859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         22897                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             22897                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1198703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1198703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1200577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1200577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       730774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           730774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       730902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          730902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52438.995582                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52438.995582                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52433.812290                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52433.812290                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12546                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12546                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         22859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1152985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1152985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1154783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1154783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50438.995582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50438.995582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50433.812290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50433.812290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      22641                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          408358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              408358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733311000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    733311000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       422898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          422898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50434.044017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50434.044017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    704231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    704231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48434.044017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48434.044017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         299557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             299557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465392000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    465392000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       307876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         307876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.027021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55943.262411                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55943.262411                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    448754000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448754000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53943.262411                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53943.262411                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.338067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  715207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 22641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.589020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.338067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                753799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               753799                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           21981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               30544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          21981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8563                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              30544                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         14334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26596                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14334                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40930                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1857720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    985865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2843585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1857720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    985865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2843585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           71474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          71474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.547502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.572656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.547502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.572656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69849.601444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68778.080089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69474.346445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69849.601444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68778.080089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69474.346445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10782                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10782                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1804530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    957197000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2761727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1804530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    957197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2761727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.547502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.547502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67849.676643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66778.080089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67474.395309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67849.676643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66778.080089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67474.395309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     49078                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          21981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              30544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1857720000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    985865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2843585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        22897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          71474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.547502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.572656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69849.601444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68778.080089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69474.346445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1804530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    957197000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2761727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.547502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67849.676643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66778.080089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67474.395309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.374885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  80891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                49078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.648213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   120.872592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   199.781227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   187.721066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.236079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.390198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.366643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               133610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              133610                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                71474                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               71473                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12546                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        97153                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  155493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2268352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3108864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5377216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           242880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            134204000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           114485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17440168000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 218828                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1456004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   414410                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    13.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1272030631                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000165                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5681731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017440                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17440168000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            675921                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5681731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      715738                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           136                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      453516                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           258                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3907203                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1320                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17440157                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17440157                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3189712                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1813021                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       516984                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  24775                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         24775                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                31011                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11742                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      119957                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5652431                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5652431                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11306598                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4604926                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      715525                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1168939                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     453414                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17189      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4439095     78.13%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    15813      0.28%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     30547      0.54%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      88      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4318      0.08%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.04%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3114      0.05%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   711618     12.52%     91.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  442908      7.80%     99.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3907      0.07%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              10506      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5681849                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    22                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3810913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3810913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3810913                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3810913                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          96290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              96290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         96290                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             96290                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5244394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5244394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5244394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5244394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3907203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3907203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3907203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3907203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54464.575761                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54464.575761                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54464.575761                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54464.575761                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        96290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         96290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        96290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        96290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5051816000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5051816000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5051816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5051816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52464.596531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52464.596531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52464.596531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52464.596531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      96033                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3810913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3810913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         96290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             96290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5244394000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5244394000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3907203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3907203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54464.575761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54464.575761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        96290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        96290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5051816000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5051816000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52464.596531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52464.596531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.658587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3715854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 96033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.693512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.658587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4003492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4003492                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               87822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              87822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17464                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       193108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       193108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 193108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           175142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          472299500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3992768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1627840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             5620608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3992768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3992768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1117696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1117696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            62387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            25435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                87822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         17464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               17464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          228940914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           93338550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              322279464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     228940914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         228940914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        64087456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              64087456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        64087456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         228940914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          93338550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             386366920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     11629.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     62387.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     22385.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001699169750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           685                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           685                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               191010                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               10939                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        87822                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       17464                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      87822                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     17464                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3050                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5835                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              4704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              5037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             11642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              5122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1006090500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   423860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2595565500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11868.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30618.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     50941                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     8522                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  87822                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 17464                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    84772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        36912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     167.091461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.238845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    152.155315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         16375     44.36%     44.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12108     32.80%     77.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4746     12.86%     90.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1953      5.29%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          731      1.98%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          564      1.53%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          162      0.44%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           97      0.26%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          176      0.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         36912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      123.731387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      86.971740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      96.766982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             122     17.81%     17.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            116     16.93%     34.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             60      8.76%     43.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            58      8.47%     51.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          100     14.60%     66.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           90     13.14%     79.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           52      7.59%     87.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           41      5.99%     93.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           24      3.50%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           12      1.75%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      0.44%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            2      0.29%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.15%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.15%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      0.15%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.950365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.920669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.007510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               353     51.53%     51.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                25      3.65%     55.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               295     43.07%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      1.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 5425408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   195200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   743104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  5620608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1117696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        311.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         42.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     322.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      64.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17439524000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      165639.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3992768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1432640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       743104                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 228940913.871930599213                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 82145997.676169186831                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 42608763.860531620681                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        62387                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        25435                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        17464                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1840231500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    755334000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 420949336750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29497.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29696.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  24103832.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             148583400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              78962565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            354208260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            32578020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1376178960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7275164790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         570570240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9836246235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         563.999512                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1420226750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    582140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15437801250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             115025400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              61118475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            251063820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            28031400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1376178960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6934647930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         857321280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9623387265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         551.794413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2165214750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    582140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14692813250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1126056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1126056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1126146                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1126146                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          42952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              42952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         42990                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             42990                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2167185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2167185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2169059000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2169059000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1169008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1169008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1169136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1169136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50455.974111                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50455.974111                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50454.966271                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50454.966271                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           21326                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 21326                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         42952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2081281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2081281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2083079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2083079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48455.974111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48455.974111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48454.966271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48454.966271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      42734                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          686340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              686340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         29270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             29270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1495036000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1495036000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       715610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          715610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.040902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51077.417151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51077.417151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1436496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49077.417151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49077.417151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         439716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             439716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    672149000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    672149000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       453398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         453398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49126.516591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49126.516591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    644785000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    644785000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030177                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030177                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47126.516591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47126.516591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.030315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1153803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 42734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.999649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.030315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1212126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1212126                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           33902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               51457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          33902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          17555                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              51457                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         62388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         25435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             87823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        62388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            87823                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4359320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1752191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6111511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4359320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1752191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6111511000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        96290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        42990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          139280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        96290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        42990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         139280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.647918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.630550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.647918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.630550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69874.334808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68888.971889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69588.957335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69874.334808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68888.971889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69588.957335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          17464                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                17464                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        62388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        87823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        62388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        87823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4234546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1701321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5935867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4234546000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1701321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5935867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.647918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.630550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.647918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.630550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67874.366865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66888.971889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67588.980108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67874.366865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66888.971889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67588.980108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    101481                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          33902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          17555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              51457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        62388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            87823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4359320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1752191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6111511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        96290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        42990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         139280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.647918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.630550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69874.334808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68888.971889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69588.957335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        62388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        87823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4234546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1701321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5935867000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.647918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.630550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67874.366865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66888.971889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67588.980108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21326                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21326                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21326                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21326                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.884860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 157244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               101481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.549492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    97.961745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   199.592529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   212.330586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.191332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.389829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.414708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               262599                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              262599                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               139280                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              139279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         21326                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       107306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       192579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  299885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4116224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6162496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10278720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           481445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            245910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           214950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24881933000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 203544                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1456004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   386234                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1266102465                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000068                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7590397                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024882                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24881933000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            899816                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000068                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7590397                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1004918                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           139                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      594923                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           292                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5200374                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1357                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24881922                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24881922                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4186908                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2436800                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       679121                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  24775                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         24775                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                31011                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11742                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      167267                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7550998                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7550998                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15220358                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6192122                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1004609                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1599367                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     594758                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26104      0.34%      0.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5878363     77.44%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    27190      0.36%     78.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     49242      0.65%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      88      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4318      0.06%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.03%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3114      0.04%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1000702     13.18%     92.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  584252      7.70%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3907      0.05%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              10506      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7590532                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5054559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5054559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5054559                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5054559                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         145815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             145815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        145815                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            145815                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8264119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8264119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8264119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8264119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5200374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5200374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5200374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5200374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56675.369475                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56675.369475                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56675.369475                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56675.369475                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       145815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        145815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       145815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       145815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7972491000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7972491000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7972491000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7972491000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54675.383191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54675.383191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54675.383191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54675.383191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     145558                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5054559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5054559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        145815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            145815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8264119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8264119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5200374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5200374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56675.369475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56675.369475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       145815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       145815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7972491000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7972491000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54675.383191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54675.383191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.059781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4875333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                145558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.494092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.059781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5346188                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5346188                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              137341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             137341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       299675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       299675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 299675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     10389376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     10389376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10389376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           262306000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          738904000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         6382336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2407488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             8789824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      6382336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        6382336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1599552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1599552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            99724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            37617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               137341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         24993                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               24993                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          256504830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           96756470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              353261300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     256504830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         256504830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        64285681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              64285681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        64285681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         256504830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          96756470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             417546981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     15962.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     99724.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     32247.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001699169750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           943                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           943                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               294655                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               15005                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       137341                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       24993                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     137341                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     24993                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    5370                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   9031                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              10665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               8388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               8020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               8823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              10383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               9486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              7401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              7726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             20393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              8226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              7931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              4257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1583633750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   659855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4058090000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11999.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30749.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     78452                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    11205                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 137341                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 24993                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   131971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        58237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     162.518262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    123.433018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    143.464495                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         25979     44.61%     44.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19516     33.51%     78.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7387     12.68%     90.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2926      5.02%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1049      1.80%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          899      1.54%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          200      0.34%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          101      0.17%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          180      0.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         58237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      139.831389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     105.140792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      91.608197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             122     12.94%     12.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            117     12.41%     25.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             68      7.21%     32.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            85      9.01%     41.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          166     17.60%     59.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          148     15.69%     74.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223          103     10.92%     85.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           56      5.94%     91.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           41      4.35%     96.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           20      2.12%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            8      0.85%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            3      0.32%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      0.21%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.11%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      0.11%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.11%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.896076                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.867011                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.996712                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               509     53.98%     53.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                36      3.82%     57.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               385     40.83%     98.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                13      1.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 8446144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   343680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1019712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  8789824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1599552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        339.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         40.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     353.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      64.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24881519000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      153273.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      6382336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2063808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1019712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 256504830.231638371944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 82944038.150090679526                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 40982024.989778727293                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        99724                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        37617                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        24993                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   2944351750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1113738250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 605602290250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29525.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29607.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  24230876.26                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             238404600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             126692280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            559440420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            43889760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1963774800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       10546660410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         673264320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14152126590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         568.771188                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1657725250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    830700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  22393507750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             177478980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              94317135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            382832520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            39280500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1963774800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       10091087910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1056904320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13805676165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         554.847413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2655730750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    830700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  21395502250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1534752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1534752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1534842                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1534842                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          64826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              64826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         64864                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             64864                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3214044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3214044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3215918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3215918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1599578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1599578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1599706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1599706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49579.551415                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49579.551415                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49579.396892                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49579.396892                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31053                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31053                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         64826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3084392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3084392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3086190000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3086190000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47579.551415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47579.551415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47579.396892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47579.396892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      64608                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          959687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              959687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         45103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             45103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2320108000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2320108000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1004790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1004790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51440.214620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51440.214620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2229902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2229902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49440.214620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49440.214620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         575065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             575065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        19723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            19723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    893936000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    893936000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       594788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         594788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45324.544948                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45324.544948                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        19723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    854490000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    854490000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033160                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033160                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43324.544948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43324.544948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.320331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1580093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 64608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.456615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.320331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1664570                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1664570                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           46090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           27247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               73337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          46090                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          27247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              73337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         99725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         37617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            137342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        99725                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37617                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           137342                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6971145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2579622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   9550767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6971145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2579622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   9550767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       145815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        64864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          210679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       145815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        64864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         210679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.651902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.651902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69903.685134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68575.962995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69540.031454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69903.685134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68575.962995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69540.031454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24993                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24993                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       137342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6771697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2504388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9276085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6771697000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2504388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9276085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67903.705189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66575.962995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67540.046017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67903.705189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66575.962995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67540.046017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    157412                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          46090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          27247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              73337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        99725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           137342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6971145000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2579622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9550767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       145815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        64864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         210679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.651902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69903.685134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68575.962995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69540.031454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6771697000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2504388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9276085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67903.705189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66575.962995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67540.046017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31053                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31053                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31053                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31053                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.517463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 238244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               157412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.513506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.655371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   195.245607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   230.616485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.165343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.381339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.450423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               399656                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              399656                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               210679                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              210678                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31053                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       160781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       291629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  452410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6138688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9332096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15470784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           729070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            365944000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           324320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24881933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                31757837000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 198252                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1456004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   376409                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1259190606                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9493314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.031758                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 31757837000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1126481                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9493314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1281728                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           150                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      736901                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           326                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6500119                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1751                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         31757826                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   31757826                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5196526                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3046134                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       847109                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  25664                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         25664                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                31914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11759                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      212425                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9444925                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9444925                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19093734                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7762748                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1281307                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2017976                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     736669                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33962      0.36%      0.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7329841     77.21%     77.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36062      0.38%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     65341      0.69%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      89      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4326      0.05%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.03%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3121      0.03%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1277400     13.46%     92.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  725291      7.64%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3907      0.04%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              11378      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9493464                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6311742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6311742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6311742                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6311742                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         188377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             188377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        188377                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            188377                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10825161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  10825161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10825161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  10825161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6500119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6500119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6500119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6500119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57465.407136                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57465.407136                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57465.407136                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57465.407136                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       188377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        188377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       188377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       188377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10448409000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10448409000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10448409000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10448409000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55465.417753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55465.417753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55465.417753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55465.417753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     188120                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6311742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6311742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        188377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            188377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10825161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10825161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6500119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6500119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57465.407136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57465.407136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       188377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       188377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10448409000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10448409000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55465.417753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55465.417753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.263348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6120949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                188120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.537471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.263348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6688495                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6688495                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              179762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             179762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       390837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       390837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 390837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     13508800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     13508800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13508800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           336327000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          967284000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         8399936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         3104832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            11504768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      8399936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        8399936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2004032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2004032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           131249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            48513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               179762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         31313                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               31313                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          264499626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           97765852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              362265478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     264499626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         264499626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        63103542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              63103542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        63103542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         264499626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          97765852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             425369020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     20154.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    131249.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     41493.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001699169750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1192                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1192                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               384104                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               18962                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       179762                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       31313                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     179762                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     31313                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    7020                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                  11159                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              14255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               4892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               8565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              10741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              10818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              11675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              13127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              11798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              9521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              9235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             10432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             26857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             10857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             10648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              5635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2076934500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   863710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5315847000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12023.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30773.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    102363                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    14015                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 69.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 179762                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 31313                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   172742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        76489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     161.371805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    122.853007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    141.324110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         34333     44.89%     44.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        25539     33.39%     78.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9686     12.66%     90.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3834      5.01%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1379      1.80%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1152      1.51%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          249      0.33%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          124      0.16%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          193      0.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         76489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      144.883389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     112.954368                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      86.808555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             131     10.99%     10.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            126     10.57%     21.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             75      6.29%     27.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           115      9.65%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          235     19.71%     57.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          198     16.61%     73.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223          140     11.74%     85.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           79      6.63%     92.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           48      4.03%     96.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           24      2.01%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351           11      0.92%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            4      0.34%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      0.17%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.08%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      0.08%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.891779                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.862349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.003369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               650     54.53%     54.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                41      3.44%     57.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               482     40.44%     98.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                18      1.51%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                11055488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   449280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1288640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 11504768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2004032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        348.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         40.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     362.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      63.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    31757705000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      150456.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      8399936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2655552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1288640                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 264499625.714433908463                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 83618793.055710956454                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 40577070.787283152342                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       131249                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        48513                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        31313                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   3876711250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1439135750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 773486707250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29537.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29664.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  24701775.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             313881540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             166813020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            731671500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            57226860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2506501920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       13551547650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         783180000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         18110822490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         570.278841                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1917587750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1060280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  28779969250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             232321320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             123462735                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            501706380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            47877840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2506501920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12978930210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1265384160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         17656184565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         555.963070                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3172389250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1060280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  27525167750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1934343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1934343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1934433                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1934433                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          84008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              84008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         84046                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             84046                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4153454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4153454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4155328000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4155328000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2018351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2018351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2018479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2018479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.041622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49441.172269                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49441.172269                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49441.115580                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49441.115580                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           39309                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 39309                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        84008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         84008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        84046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        84046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3985438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3985438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3987236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3987236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47441.172269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47441.172269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47441.115580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47441.115580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      83790                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1222523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1222523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         59077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             59077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3044249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3044249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1281600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1281600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.046096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51530.189414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51530.189414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2926095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2926095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49530.189414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49530.189414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         711820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             711820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        24931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            24931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1109205000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1109205000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         736751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033839                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033839                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44490.995147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44490.995147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1059343000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1059343000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033839                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033839                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42490.995147                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42490.995147                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.467487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1999605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 83790                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.864483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.467487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2102525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2102525                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           57127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           35533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               92660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          57127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          35533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              92660                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        131250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         48513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            179763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       131250                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        48513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           179763                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9176462000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3328854000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  12505316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9176462000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3328854000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  12505316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       188377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        84046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          272423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       188377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        84046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         272423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.696741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.659867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.696741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.659867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69915.900952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68617.772556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69565.572448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69915.900952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68617.772556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69565.572448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          31313                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                31313                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       131250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       179763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       131250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       179763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8913964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3231828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12145792000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8913964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3231828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12145792000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.696741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.659867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.696741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.659867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67915.916190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66617.772556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67565.583574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67915.916190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66617.772556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67565.583574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    204932                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          57127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          35533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              92660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       131250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        48513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           179763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9176462000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3328854000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12505316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       188377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        84046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         272423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.696741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.659867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69915.900952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68617.772556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69565.572448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       131250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       179763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8913964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3231828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12145792000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.696741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.659867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67915.916190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66617.772556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67565.583574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        39309                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        39309                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        39309                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39309                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.838448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 309313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               204932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.509345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    81.601868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   193.977124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   235.259456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.159379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.378862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.459491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               517176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              517176                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               272423                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              272422                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         39309                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       207401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       376753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  584154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7894720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12056064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19950784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           941880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            468968000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           420230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  31757837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                38744012000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 191006                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1456004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   363029                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    31.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1233367660                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000051                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11403859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.038744                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38744012000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1351903                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000051                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11403859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1579195                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           154                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      885469                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           360                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7797628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2497                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         38744001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   38744001                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6181220                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3640598                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1007103                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  25672                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         25672                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                31926                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11763                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      262921                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11345914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11345914                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            23032720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9337026                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1578654                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2463808                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     885154                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 42292      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8760414     76.82%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    44829      0.39%     77.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82397      0.72%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      89      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4330      0.04%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.02%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3121      0.03%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1574747     13.81%     92.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  873772      7.66%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3907      0.03%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              11382      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11404026                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7565317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7565317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7565317                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7565317                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         232311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             232311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        232311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            232311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  13425374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13425374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  13425374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13425374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7797628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7797628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7797628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7797628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.029793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.029793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57790.522188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57790.522188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57790.522188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57790.522188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       232311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        232311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       232311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       232311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12960754000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12960754000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12960754000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12960754000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55790.530797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55790.530797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55790.530797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55790.530797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     232054                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7565317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7565317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        232311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            232311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  13425374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13425374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7797628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7797628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.029793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57790.522188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57790.522188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       232311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       232311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12960754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12960754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55790.530797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55790.530797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.396178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7328526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                232054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.581123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.396178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8029938                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8029938                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              222586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             222586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        37132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       482304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       482304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 482304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     16621952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     16621952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                16621952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           408246000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1197911000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        10436224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         3809280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            14245504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst     10436224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total       10436224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2376448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2376448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           163066                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            59520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               222586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         37132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               37132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          269363534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           98319193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              367682727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     269363534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         269363534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        61337169                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              61337169                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        61337169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         269363534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          98319193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             429019896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     24171.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    163066.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     50786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001699169750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1429                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1429                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               473770                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               22746                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       222586                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       37132                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     222586                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     37132                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    8734                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                  12961                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              17818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               5947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              10363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               5566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              13188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              13924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               5887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              15032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              15880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              13980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             11723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             11893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             13069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             13365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             13499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              6874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2579876000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1069260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               6589601000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12063.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30813.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    126130                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    16710                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 69.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 222586                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 37132                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   213852                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        95148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     160.073990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    122.049586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    139.454305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         43175     45.38%     45.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        31480     33.09%     78.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11944     12.55%     91.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4826      5.07%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1738      1.83%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1345      1.41%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          293      0.31%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          149      0.16%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          198      0.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         95148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      149.602519                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     120.289501                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      83.132914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             131      9.17%      9.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            126      8.82%     17.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             85      5.95%     23.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           151     10.57%     34.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          292     20.43%     54.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          262     18.33%     73.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223          176     12.32%     85.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           94      6.58%     92.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           56      3.92%     96.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           29      2.03%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351           15      1.05%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            6      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      0.14%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.07%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      0.07%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.899230                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.869989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.999821                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               770     53.88%     53.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                55      3.85%     57.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               583     40.80%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                20      1.40%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13686528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   558976                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1545536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 14245504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2376448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        353.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         39.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     367.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      61.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    38743552000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      149175.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst     10436224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      3250304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1545536                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 269363534.163679242134                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 83891776.618281036615                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 39890964.312110990286                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       163066                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        59520                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        37132                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   4818458500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1771142500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 944795991000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29549.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29757.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  25444252.69                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             386830920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             205578945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            900546780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            67562460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3057834000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       16591643790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         905790240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22115787135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         570.818199                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2209450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1293500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  35241062000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             292618620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             155507715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            626356500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            58495320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3057834000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15962448720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1435638720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         21588899595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.218999                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3588199000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1293500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  33862313000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2360268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2360268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2360358                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2360358                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         104100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             104100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        104138                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            104138                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5115860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5115860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5117734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5117734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2464368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2464368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2464496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2464496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.042242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.042255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49143.707973                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49143.707973                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49143.770766                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49143.770766                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           47219                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 47219                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       104100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        104100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       104138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       104138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4907660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4907660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4909458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4909458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47143.707973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47143.707973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47143.770766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47143.770766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     103882                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1504635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1504635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         74432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             74432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3811609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3811609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1579067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1579067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51209.278267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51209.278267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3662745000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3662745000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49209.278267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49209.278267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         855633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             855633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29668                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29668                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1304251000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1304251000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       885301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         885301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033512                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033512                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43961.541054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43961.541054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1244915000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1244915000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41961.541054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41961.541054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.563507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2450142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                103882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.585819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.563507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2568634                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2568634                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           69244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           44618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              113862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          69244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          44618                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             113862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        163067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         59520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            222587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       163067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        59520                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           222587                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  11402960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4088592000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  15491552000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  11402960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4088592000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  15491552000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       232311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       104138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          336449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       232311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       104138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         336449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.661577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.661577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69928.066378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68692.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69597.739311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69928.066378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68692.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69597.739311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          37132                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                37132                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       163067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       222587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       163067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       222587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  11076828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3969552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15046380000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  11076828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3969552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15046380000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67928.078643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66692.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67597.748296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67928.078643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66692.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67597.748296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    252136                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          69244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          44618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             113862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       163067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        59520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           222587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  11402960000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4088592000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15491552000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       232311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       104138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         336449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.661577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69928.066378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68692.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69597.739311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       163067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       222587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  11076828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3969552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15046380000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67928.078643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66692.741935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67597.748296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        47219                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        47219                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        47219                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        47219                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.047894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 380857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               252136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.510522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    79.712009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   194.269632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.066254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.155688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.379433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.463020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               636316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              636316                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               336449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              336448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         47219                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       255495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       464621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  720116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9686848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14867840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 24554688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1161550000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            572544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           520690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  38744012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                44161795000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 191036                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1483208                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   363877                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1205209655                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13333321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.044162                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 44161795000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1588286                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13333321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1840323                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           299                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1000865                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           401                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9071240                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2794                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         44161795                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   44161795                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7311326                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4335754                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1185247                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  28924                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         28924                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                35743                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               12568                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      308785                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13266640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13266640                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26852616                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10958051                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1839680                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2840171                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1000491                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 48817      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10276891     77.08%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    55506      0.42%     77.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    101095      0.76%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     167      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4418      0.03%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.02%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3687      0.03%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 166      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 56      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1835770     13.77%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  986679      7.40%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3910      0.03%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13812      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13333507                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    27                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8814475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8814475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8814475                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8814475                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         256765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             256765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        256765                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            256765                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  14741312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14741312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  14741312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14741312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9071240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9071240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9071240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9071240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57411.687730                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57411.687730                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57411.687730                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57411.687730                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       256765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        256765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       256765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       256765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  14227782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14227782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  14227782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14227782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55411.687730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55411.687730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55411.687730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55411.687730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     256509                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8814475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8814475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        256765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            256765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  14741312000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14741312000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9071240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9071240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57411.687730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57411.687730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       256765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       256765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  14227782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14227782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55411.687730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55411.687730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.470255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9071240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                256765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 35.328958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.470255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9328005                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9328005                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247153                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247153                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        40742                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       535048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       535048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 535048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     18425280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     18425280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                18425280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           450863000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1330815750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        11401344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         4416448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            15817792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst     11401344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total       11401344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2607488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2607488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           178146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            69007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               247153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         40742                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               40742                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          258172115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          100006080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              358178195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     258172115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         258172115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        59043977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              59043977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        59043977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         258172115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         100006080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             417222171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     27103.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    178146.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     59675.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001699169750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1601                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1601                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               526600                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               25501                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       247153                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       40742                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     247153                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     40742                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    9332                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                  13639                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              19333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              11313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              14664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              15109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               7149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              16052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              18143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              16803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             13073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             13136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             14966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             35802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             14617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             14497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              7596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2904576500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1189105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               7363720250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12213.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30963.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    138850                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    18904                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 69.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 247153                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 40742                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   237821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       107132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     158.237091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    120.462266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    139.589636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         49615     46.31%     46.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        35072     32.74%     79.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        12956     12.09%     91.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5275      4.92%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2017      1.88%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1447      1.35%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          329      0.31%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          178      0.17%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          243      0.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        107132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1601                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      148.323548                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     119.492211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      84.270407                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             135      8.43%      8.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            156      9.74%     18.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            120      7.50%     25.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           178     11.12%     36.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          310     19.36%     56.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          283     17.68%     73.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223          190     11.87%     85.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255          103      6.43%     92.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           59      3.69%     95.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           30      1.87%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351           18      1.12%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383           10      0.62%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            3      0.19%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            2      0.12%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.06%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1601                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.910056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.880875                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.998451                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               853     53.28%     53.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                61      3.81%     57.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               666     41.60%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                20      1.25%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                15220544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   597248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1732672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 15817792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2607488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        344.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         39.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     358.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      59.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    44161570000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      153394.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst     11401344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      3819200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1732672                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 258172114.607207447290                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 86481991.957075119019                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 39234637.088460743427                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       178146                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        69007                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        40742                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   5293512000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2070208250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1073439935250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29714.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29999.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  26347256.77                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             442744260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             235308975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1007004180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            76248540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3485623440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       18922939230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1023022560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         25192891185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         570.468007                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2493251750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1474460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  40194083250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             322235340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             171256965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            691037760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            65072520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3485623440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       18062612580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1747508160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         24545346765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         555.805007                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4378983250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1474460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  38308351750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2720610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2720610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2720727                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2720727                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         120163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             120163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        120274                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            120274                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5945232000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5945232000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5951042000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5951042000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2840773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2840773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2841001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2841001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.042299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.042335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49476.394564                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49476.394564                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49479.039526                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49479.039526                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           52101                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 52101                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       120163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        120163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       120274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       120274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5704906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5704906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5710494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5710494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47476.394564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47476.394564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47479.039526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47479.039526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     120018                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1752331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1752331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         87764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             87764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4506303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4506303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1840095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1840095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51345.688437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51345.688437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        87764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        87764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4330775000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4330775000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49345.688437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49345.688437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         968279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             968279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        32399                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            32399                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1438929000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1438929000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1000678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1000678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44412.759653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44412.759653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1374131000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1374131000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032377                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032377                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42412.759653                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42412.759653                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           117                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               117                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          111                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             111                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5810000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5810000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          228                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           228                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486842                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.486842                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52342.342342                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52342.342342                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          111                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          111                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50342.342342                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50342.342342                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.617056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2841001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                120274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.621074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.617056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2961275                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2961275                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           78619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           51267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              129886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          78619                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          51267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             129886                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        178146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         69007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            247153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       178146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        69007                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           247153                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12487416000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4765084000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  17252500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12487416000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4765084000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  17252500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       256765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       120274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          377039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       256765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       120274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         377039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.655510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.655510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70096.527567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69052.183112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69804.938641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70096.527567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69052.183112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69804.938641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          40742                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                40742                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       178146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       247153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       178146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       247153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12131124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4627070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16758194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12131124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4627070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16758194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68096.527567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67052.183112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67804.938641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68096.527567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67052.183112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67804.938641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    279341                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          78619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          51267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             129886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       178146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        69007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           247153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12487416000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4765084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17252500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       256765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       120274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         377039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.655510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70096.527567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69052.183112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69804.938641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       178146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       247153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12131124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4627070000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16758194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68096.527567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67052.183112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67804.938641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        52101                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        52101                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        52101                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        52101                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.164699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 429140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               279853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.533448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    79.021505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   192.737319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   239.405875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.154339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.376440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.467590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               708993                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              708993                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               377039                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              377039                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         52101                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       292649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       513530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  806179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11032000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     16432960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 27464960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1283825000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            637544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           601370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  44161795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
