
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3832642000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  88093                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34314888                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   177366                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              337612211                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000025                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2013478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003833                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3832642000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240145                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000025                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2013478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      177660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135779                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1293630                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3832631                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3832631                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1574328                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              729666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  89568                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         89568                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               142315                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               64073                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28269                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1937429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1937429                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3536038                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1567289                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      176785                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        312546                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23054      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1614565     80.18%     81.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1188      0.06%     81.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     785      0.04%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.09%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30794      1.53%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12148      0.60%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14731      0.73%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165265      8.21%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120158      5.97%     98.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11520      0.57%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15603      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2013568                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         2695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2695                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1867                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4562                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1613                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4477                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6090                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267384000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    364876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    364876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.374420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.705706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.571724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.374420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.705706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.571724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60441.413515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59723.922269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59913.957307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60441.413515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59723.922269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59913.957307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          235                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              235                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    258430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    258430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352696000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.374420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.705706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.374420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.705706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58441.413515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57723.922269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57913.957307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58441.413515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57723.922269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57913.957307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   526                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267384000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    364876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.374420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.705706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.571724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60441.413515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59723.922269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59913.957307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    258430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352696000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.374420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.705706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58441.413515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57723.922269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57913.957307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3871.817281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.773764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     7.705522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   864.099864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3000.011894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.026370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.091553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.118158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5588                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.170532                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            21422                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           21422                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1286376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1286376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1286376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1286376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           7254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               7254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          7254                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              7254                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220546000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    220546000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    220546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1293630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1293630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30403.363661                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30403.363661                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30403.363661                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30403.363661                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206038000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    206038000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206038000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    206038000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28403.363661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28403.363661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28403.363661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28403.363661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6998                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1286376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1286376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          7254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              7254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220546000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    220546000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1293630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30403.363661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30403.363661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206038000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206038000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28403.363661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28403.363661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               242.636837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  824060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                117.756502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   242.636837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.947800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.947800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1300884                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1300884                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       404800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       404800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  404800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           32450500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          103232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          286528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              389760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       103232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         103232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        15040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            15040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26934945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           74759918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              101694862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26934945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26934945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3924186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3924186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3924186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26934945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          74759918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             105619048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       231.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1613.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4470.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003477208500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            12                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            12                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13376                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 192                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6090                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         235                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6090                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       235                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      47918500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    30415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                161974750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7877.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26627.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4479                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      161                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 69.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6090                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   235                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     244.303582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    147.811351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    286.789909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           724     43.96%     43.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          437     26.53%     70.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          166     10.08%     80.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           68      4.13%     84.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           52      3.16%     87.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      1.70%     89.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           21      1.28%     90.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      1.15%     91.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          132      8.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      448.416667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     183.179268                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     673.424823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              4     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      8.33%     41.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3     25.00%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      8.33%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      8.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      8.33%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      8.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           12                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.970563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.044466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 6     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             12                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  389312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    13056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   389760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 15040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        101.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     101.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3478910000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      550025.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       103232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       286080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        13056                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26934944.615228869021                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 74643026.925029784441                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3406527.403289949987                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1613                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4477                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          235                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     43705750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    118269000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  53790337500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27095.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26417.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 228895053.19                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6104700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3244725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20955900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              334080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      302402880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         638967150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         933657120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1905666555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.220078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2420768500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    127920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1283953500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5654880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3005640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             22476720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              730800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      302402880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         799114920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         798795840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1932181680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.138315                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2068535250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    127920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1636186750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           303914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               303914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304599                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304599                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    407117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    407117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    415323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    415323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       312382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           312382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       313349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          313349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48077.113840                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48077.113840                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47465.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47465.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390183000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    390183000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    397825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46077.350024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46077.350024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45465.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45465.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8493                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137419000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    137419000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       176676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          176676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32672.135045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32672.135045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    129007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30672.135045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30672.135045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269698000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    269698000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63279.680901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63279.680901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261176000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    261176000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61280.150164                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61280.150164                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8206000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      8206000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29099.290780                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29099.290780                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7642000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7642000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27099.290780                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27099.290780                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.139497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  242622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.567291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.139497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.984920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                322098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               322098                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    150270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    491172000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    150270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    491172000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           16004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          16004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.665646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.665646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34881.615599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53727.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46106.448888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34881.615599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53727.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46106.448888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141654000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328214000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    469868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141654000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    469868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32881.615599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51727.974783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44106.636628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32881.615599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51727.974783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44106.636628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13544                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    150270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340902000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    491172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          16004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.665646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34881.615599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53727.659574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46106.448888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141654000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328214000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    469868000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32881.615599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51727.974783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44106.636628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.131946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  20782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.534406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   158.095015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   107.206483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.830449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.308779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.209388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.464513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                35558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               35558                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                16004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               16003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        22997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        14508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   37505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       911808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       464256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1376064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            36270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            43745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3832642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7881009000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  99158                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34337276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   194829                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              390318011                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000089                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3933834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007881                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7881009000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454643                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3933834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      429908                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           439                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      300266                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614551                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           257                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7880998                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7880998                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2550185                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309603                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       345983                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 112048                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        112048                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               169517                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               70788                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66466                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847033                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343920                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3113886                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      428994                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        729242                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     300248                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26346      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3099538     78.79%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4907      0.12%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6717      0.17%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1284      0.03%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.05%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32098      0.82%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12596      0.32%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18672      0.47%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.02%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   417002     10.60%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  269328      6.85%     98.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11992      0.30%     99.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30920      0.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3933981                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           15631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6173                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9458                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          15631                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2475                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6946                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9421                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    151413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419387000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    570800000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    151413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419387000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    570800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        25052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        25052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.286193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.376058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.286193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.376058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61176.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60378.203282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60588.047978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61176.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60378.203282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60588.047978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          535                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              535                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    146463000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    405495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    551958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    146463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    405495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    551958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.286193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.286193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59176.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58378.203282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58588.047978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59176.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58378.203282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58588.047978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1149                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          15631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    151413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419387000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    570800000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        25052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.286193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.376058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61176.969697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60378.203282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60588.047978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    146463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    405495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    551958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.286193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59176.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58378.203282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58588.047978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5306.090774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.978242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    20.119181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1296.642569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3989.329025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.039570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.121745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.161929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          802                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.255737                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            46123                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           46123                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2600295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2600295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2600295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2600295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          14256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              14256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         14256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             14256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    395337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    395337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    395337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    395337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27731.271044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27731.271044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27731.271044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27731.271044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    366827000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    366827000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    366827000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    366827000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25731.411336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25731.411336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25731.411336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25731.411336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13999                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2600295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2600295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         14256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             14256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    395337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    395337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27731.271044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27731.271044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    366827000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    366827000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25731.411336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25731.411336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.501312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2424471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                173.188871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.501312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.974614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.974614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2628806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2628806                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        19377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       637184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       637184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  637184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            12096000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           50290500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          158400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          444544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              602944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       158400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         158400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        34240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            34240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           535                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 535                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           20098949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           56406991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               76505940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      20098949                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          20098949                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4344621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4344621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4344621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          20098949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          56406991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              80850561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       524.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2475.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6919.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007088935750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            29                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            29                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21327                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 465                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9421                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         535                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9421                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       535                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     11                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      80849250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    46970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                256986750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8606.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27356.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6527                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      384                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9421                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   535                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     212.573732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.217896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    252.288576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1437     48.27%     48.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          767     25.76%     74.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          302     10.14%     84.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          136      4.57%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           80      2.69%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           38      1.28%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.94%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.77%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          166      5.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      312.275862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     150.736564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     473.954405                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     41.38%     41.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4     13.79%     55.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7     24.14%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      6.90%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      3.45%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.034483                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.005061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.017095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                14     48.28%     48.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                15     51.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  601216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    31616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   602944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 34240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         76.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      76.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7877943000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      791275.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       158400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       442816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        31616                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 20098949.258908346295                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56187729.261570446193                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4011669.064202312380                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2475                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6946                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          535                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     68859500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    188127250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 187667357000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27822.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27084.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 350780106.54                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11124120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5912610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             33579420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              876960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      622015680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1397082540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1849817280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3920408610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.450087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4795475500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    263120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2822413500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10131660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5385105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             33493740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1701720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      622015680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1440841440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1812967680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3926537025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         498.227705                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4698483000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    263120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2919406000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           704353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               704353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          705141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              705141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    832251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    832251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    844884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    844884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       730027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          730027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33914.058680                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33914.058680                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33950.172788                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33950.172788                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    783171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    783171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    795112000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    795112000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31914.058680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31914.058680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31950.172788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31950.172788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24630                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          414319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              414319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    338567000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    338567000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23472.476428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23472.476428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    309719000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309719000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21472.476428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21472.476428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    493684000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    493684000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48802.293397                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48802.293397                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    473452000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    473452000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46802.293397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46802.293397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12633000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     12633000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36511.560694                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36511.560694                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11941000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11941000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34511.560694                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34511.560694                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.122585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  719008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 29.192367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.122585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                754913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               754913                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14089                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258887000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    618747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    877634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258887000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    618747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    877634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.640054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.640054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29932.593363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37719.275786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35031.094081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29932.593363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37719.275786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35031.094081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    827530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585939000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    827530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27932.824604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35719.275786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33031.173911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27932.824604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35719.275786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33031.173911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     33751                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            25053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258887000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    618747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    877634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.640054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29932.593363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37719.275786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35031.094081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    827530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27932.824604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35719.275786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33031.173911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.687345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                33751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.496430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   160.271534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   128.664103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   218.751708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.313030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.251297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.427249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86396                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39142                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12991                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        28511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   91274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2424128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       912320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3336448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            71275000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           124430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7881009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12487830000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  98456                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34343664                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   195467                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              409812698                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000134                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012488                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12487830000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650623                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000134                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702616                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           804                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500961                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           491                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917852                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           278                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12487819                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12487819                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3566479                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867139                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469919                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 214910                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        214910                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               322954                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              134368                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120141                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803799                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803799                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11408247                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700833                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701412                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1202337                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500925                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41136      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553614     76.45%     77.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16018      0.27%     77.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17040      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2488      0.04%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5062      0.08%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56283      0.94%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25246      0.42%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36494      0.61%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    744      0.01%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676770     11.36%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  440117      7.39%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               24642      0.41%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60808      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956496                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        20053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        15590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           35643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        20053                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        15590                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          35643                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3087                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12062                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15149                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    741415000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    933784000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    741415000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    933784000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.133405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.436207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.298256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.133405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.436207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.298256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62315.840622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61467.003814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61639.976236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62315.840622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61467.003814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61639.976236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          819                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              819                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717291000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    903486000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717291000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    903486000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.133405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.436207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.133405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.436207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60315.840622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59467.003814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59639.976236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60315.840622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59467.003814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59639.976236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2024                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        20053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        15590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          35643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192369000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    741415000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    933784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.133405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.436207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.298256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62315.840622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61467.003814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61639.976236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186195000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    903486000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.133405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.436207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60315.840622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59467.003814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59639.976236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7352.097204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.900692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    32.853923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1611.429070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5707.814211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.049177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.174189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.224368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1032                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3962                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.405457                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            85426                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           85426                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3881065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3881065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3881065                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3881065                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          36787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              36787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         36787                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             36787                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    831345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    831345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22598.880039                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22598.880039                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22598.880039                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22598.880039                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         36787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    757771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    757771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    757771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    757771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20598.880039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20598.880039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20598.880039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20598.880039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      36531                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3881065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3881065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         36787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             36787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    831345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22598.880039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22598.880039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    757771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    757771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20598.880039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20598.880039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.898709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3663595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 36531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                100.287290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.898709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.983979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3954639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3954639                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        31117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        31117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  31117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1021952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1021952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1021952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            19244000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           81115500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          197568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          771968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              969536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       197568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         197568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        52416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            52416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15820843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           61817626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               77638469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15820843                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15820843                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4197367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4197367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4197367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15820843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          61817626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              81835835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       801.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3087.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12031.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007088935750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            45                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            45                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34235                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 725                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15149                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         819                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15149                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       819                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     145338000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    75590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                428800500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9613.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28363.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9431                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      598                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15149                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   819                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     173.622139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    117.494863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    202.821494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3205     54.75%     54.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1296     22.14%     76.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          734     12.54%     89.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          210      3.59%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          133      2.27%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           49      0.84%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      0.50%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.43%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          173      2.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           45                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      313.422222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     165.020873                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     410.578499                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             18     40.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6     13.33%     53.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7     15.56%     68.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            7     15.56%     84.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      6.67%     91.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      2.22%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      2.22%     95.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      2.22%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      2.22%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             45                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           45                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.111111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.081974                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.005038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                20     44.44%     44.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                25     55.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             45                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  967552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    49280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   969536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 52416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         77.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      77.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12486715000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      781983.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       197568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       769984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        49280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15820843.172913148999                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 61658750.959934592247                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3946242.061270853039                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3087                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12062                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          819                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     89350000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    339450500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 277643037000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28943.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28142.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 339002487.18                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              21048720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              11180070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             53721360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1759140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      985267920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2822379510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2418586080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6313942800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         505.607684                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6260871500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    416780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5810178500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              20784540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11035860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             54221160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2260260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      985267920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2831994270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2410489440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6316053450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.776700                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6238747750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    416780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5832302250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1158436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1158436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1159224                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1159224                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1477907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1490540000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1490540000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1202223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1202223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1203357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1203357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33752.186722                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33752.186722                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33773.820044                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33773.820044                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1390335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1402276000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1402276000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31752.232398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31752.232398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31773.865362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31773.865362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43876                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          673835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              673835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    603358000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    603358000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21848.131518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21848.131518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    548126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    548126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19848.131518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19848.131518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    874549000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    874549000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54081.318409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54081.318409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    842209000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    842209000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52081.442088                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52081.442088                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12633000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     12633000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36511.560694                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36511.560694                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11941000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11941000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34511.560694                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34511.560694                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.815172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1189668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.114322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.815172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1247489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1247489                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           13647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               30127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              30127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         23140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         27653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487015000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1076767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1563782000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487015000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1076767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1563782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21046.456353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38938.523849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30787.352588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21046.456353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38938.523849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30787.352588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    440735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1021463000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    440735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1021463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19046.456353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36938.596174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28787.391963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19046.456353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36938.596174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28787.391963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64659                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              30127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487015000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1076767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1563782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21046.456353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38938.523849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30787.352588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    440735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1021463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19046.456353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36938.596174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28787.391963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.278304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 102737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.588905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   151.116523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   108.420433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.741348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.295149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.211759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.487776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               169382                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              169382                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80920                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80919                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23291                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        73574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  185130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4315072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2354368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6669440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           183935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            197375000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           220660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12487830000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16847272000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 102635                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34347208                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   204948                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    38.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              432278261                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7987470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016847                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16847272000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848986                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7987470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963626                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1591                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669540                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           684                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208357                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           286                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16847261                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16847261                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4704999                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2468393                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597367                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 325453                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        325453                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               498888                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              215031                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174914                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750948                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15430487                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304822                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962161                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631647                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     669486                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59903      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041955     75.64%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23677      0.30%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28451      0.36%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3311      0.04%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9006      0.11%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    91967      1.15%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    41850      0.52%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54019      0.68%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1916      0.02%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920777     11.53%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  591458      7.40%     98.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41384      0.52%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              78028      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7987742                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        34559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        23290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           57849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        34559                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        23290                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          57849                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        15560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         18919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3359                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15560                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        18919                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    211941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    962085000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1174026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    211941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    962085000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1174026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        76768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        76768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.400515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.246444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.400515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.246444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63096.457279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61830.655527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62055.394048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63096.457279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61830.655527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62055.394048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1029                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1029                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        18919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        18919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    205223000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    930965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1136188000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    205223000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    930965000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1136188000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.400515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.400515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61096.457279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59830.655527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60055.394048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61096.457279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59830.655527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60055.394048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2670                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        34559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        23290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          57849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        18919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    211941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    962085000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1174026000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        76768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.400515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.246444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63096.457279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61830.655527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62055.394048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    205223000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    930965000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1136188000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.400515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61096.457279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59830.655527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60055.394048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9308.672128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               9360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.505618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    37.195237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1764.545815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7506.931076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.053850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.229093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.284078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          899                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.501770                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           121746                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          121746                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5149184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5149184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5149184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5149184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          59173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              59173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         59173                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             59173                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1245684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1245684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1245684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1245684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21051.560678                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21051.560678                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21051.560678                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21051.560678                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1127338000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127338000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1127338000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127338000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19051.560678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19051.560678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19051.560678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19051.560678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      58917                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5149184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5149184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         59173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             59173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1245684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1245684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21051.560678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21051.560678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1127338000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127338000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19051.560678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19051.560678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.959970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4845083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 58917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.235738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.959970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.988125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5267530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5267530                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        38867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        38867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  38867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1276672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1276672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1276672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            24064000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          101418250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          214976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          995840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1210816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       214976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         214976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        65856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            65856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            15560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1029                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1029                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12760285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           59109867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               71870152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12760285                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12760285                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3909001                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3909001                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3909001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12760285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          59109867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              75779153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       986.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3359.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15510.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007088935750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            56                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            56                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                43066                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 910                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18919                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1029                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18919                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1029                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      50                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     43                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     189576000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    94345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                543369750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10046.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28796.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11240                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      743                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18919                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1029                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     161.700089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.915111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    184.175902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4438     56.54%     56.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1690     21.53%     78.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1041     13.26%     91.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          250      3.19%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          142      1.81%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           56      0.71%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      0.39%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.32%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          176      2.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      334.803571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     192.438665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     386.535353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             18     32.14%     32.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9     16.07%     48.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           10     17.86%     66.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8     14.29%     80.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            6     10.71%     91.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      1.79%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      1.79%     94.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      3.57%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      1.79%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.250000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.222267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.977008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                21     37.50%     37.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                35     62.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1207616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    61824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1210816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 65856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         71.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      71.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16843345000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      844362.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       214976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       992640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        61824                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12760285.463426956907                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 58919924.840057194233                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3669674.235686347354                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3359                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        15560                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1029                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     99819000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    443550750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 412764870250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29716.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28505.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 401132041.06                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              27267660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14485515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             66459120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1978380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1329466320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3856460400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3221807040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8517924435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         505.596659                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8338736250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    562380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7946155750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              28795620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              15301440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             68265540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3064140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1329466320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3954938160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3138878400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8538709620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.830401                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8121430000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    562380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8163462000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1569686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1569686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1570474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1570474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         62420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             62420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2010843000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2010843000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2023476000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2023476000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32394.287463                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32394.287463                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32417.109901                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32417.109901                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31209                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31209                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1886697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1886697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1898638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1898638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30394.319683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30394.319683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30417.141942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30417.141942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62163                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          920906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              920906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    868779000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    868779000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20906.726026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20906.726026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    785671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    785671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18906.774155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18906.774155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1142064000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1142064000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55658.852771                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55658.852771                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1101026000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1101026000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53658.852771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53658.852771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12633000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     12633000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36511.560694                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36511.560694                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11941000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11941000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34511.560694                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34511.560694                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.121761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1616647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.006579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.121761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1695313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1695313                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           21255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           23569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76769                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    698157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1436015000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2134172000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    698157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1436015000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2134172000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          121593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         121593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.631360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.631360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18412.284403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36962.111657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27799.919238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18412.284403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36962.111657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27799.919238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1358315000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1980636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1358315000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1980636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16412.284403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34962.163136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25799.945290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16412.284403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34962.163136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25799.945290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     95439                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    698157000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1436015000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2134172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         121593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.631360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18412.284403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36962.111657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27799.919238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1358315000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1980636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16412.284403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34962.163136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25799.945290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.982577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 151392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                95439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.586270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   145.639600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   104.670080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   259.672897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.284452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.204434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.507174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               248753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              248753                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               121593                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              121592                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       156048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  274394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5992192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3787072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9779264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           295865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            277638000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           312095000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16847272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21272839000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105393                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34358024                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   210037                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              448393880                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000054                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9964621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021273                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21272839000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055699                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9964621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1147119                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2191                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      866731                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           920                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485959                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           358                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21272828                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21272828                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795674                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       758214                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 397313                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        397313                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               607476                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              262216                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209128                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9679458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9679458                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19081580                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1145402                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012033                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     866631                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70097      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7567780     75.94%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34402      0.35%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34270      0.34%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4104      0.04%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.11%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110565      1.11%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51712      0.52%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   66830      0.67%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094058     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  771832      7.75%     98.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51344      0.52%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94799      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9964945                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        44974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        27946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           72920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        44974                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        27946                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          72920                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        23870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         27853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3983                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23870                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        27853                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    253628000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1471925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1725553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    253628000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1471925000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1725553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.460669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.276393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.460669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.276393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63677.629927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61664.222874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61952.141601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63677.629927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61664.222874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61952.141601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5996                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5996                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        27853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        27853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424185000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1669847000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424185000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1669847000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.460669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.460669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61677.629927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59664.222874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59952.141601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61677.629927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59664.222874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59952.141601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8105                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        44974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        27946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          72920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        27853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    253628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1471925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1725553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.460669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.276393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63677.629927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61664.222874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61952.141601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245662000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424185000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1669847000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.460669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61677.629927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59664.222874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59952.141601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        11189.937485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              26028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.211351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    39.717738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1860.390142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  9289.829605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.056775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.283503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.341490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        19961                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.609161                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           164578                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          164578                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6411143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6411143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6411143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6411143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          74816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              74816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         74816                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             74816                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1565218000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1565218000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1565218000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1565218000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20920.899273                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20920.899273                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20920.899273                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20920.899273                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1415586000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1415586000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1415586000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1415586000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18920.899273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18920.899273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18920.899273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18920.899273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      74560                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6411143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6411143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         74816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             74816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1565218000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1565218000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20920.899273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20920.899273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1415586000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1415586000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18920.899273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18920.899273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.592413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6103182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 74560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.855982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.592413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6560775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6560775                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27853                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27853                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        61702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        61702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  61702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2166336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2166336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2166336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            57833000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          149075750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          254912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1527680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1782592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       254912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         254912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       383744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           383744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            23870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                27853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11982980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           71813640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               83796620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11982980                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11982980                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18039153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18039153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18039153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11982980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          71813640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             101835773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5953.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3983.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     23813.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007088935750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           333                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           333                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                66965                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5623                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        27853                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5996                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      27853                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5996                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      57                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     43                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     275982250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   138980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                797157250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9928.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28678.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17571                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5053                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 84.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  27853                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5996                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        11092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     194.532997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    124.534642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    237.326424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5843     52.68%     52.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2453     22.12%     74.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1384     12.48%     87.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          370      3.34%     90.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          219      1.97%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          135      1.22%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           79      0.71%     94.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           96      0.87%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          513      4.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         11092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       83.420420                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      32.374056                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     201.622613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            287     86.19%     86.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11      3.30%     89.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           13      3.90%     93.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           10      3.00%     96.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      2.10%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.30%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.30%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.60%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.30%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.780781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.769573                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.613593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                34     10.21%     10.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      1.50%     11.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               294     88.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1778944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   378944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1782592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                383744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         83.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      83.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21272619000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      628456.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       254912                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1524032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       378944                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11982979.798794133589                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 71642153.640141770244                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17813513.278599061072                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3983                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        23870                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5996                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    120647750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    676509500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 521962777250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30290.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28341.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  87051830.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              38763060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              20599260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             95597460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            13660740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1679196480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5079435300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3891351360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10818603660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.564168                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10063540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    710320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10498979000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              40440960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              21494880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            102865980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            17246880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1679196480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5177467320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3808798080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10847510580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         509.923033                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9847221750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    710320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10715297250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1931013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1931013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1932913                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1932913                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2800239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2800239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2841614000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2841614000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2010894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2010894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35055.132009                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35055.132009                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35250.071328                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35250.071328                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2640479000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2640479000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2680390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2680390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33055.157046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33055.157046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33250.096138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33250.096138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      80356                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1093667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1093667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060012000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1060012000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1144449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1144449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20873.774172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20873.774172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    958448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    958448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18873.774172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18873.774172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1740227000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1740227000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59803.670229                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59803.670229                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1682031000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1682031000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57803.738960                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57803.738960                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41375000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     41375000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56523.224044                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56523.224044                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     39911000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39911000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54523.224044                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54523.224044                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.304469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 80356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.006670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.304469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2094138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2094138                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           25859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54655                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    882103000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2097793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2979896000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    882103000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2097793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2979896000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          155429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         155429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.648360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.648360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18017.913679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40484.647895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29570.087523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18017.913679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40484.647895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29570.087523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    784189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1994161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2778350000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    784189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1994161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2778350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16017.913679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38484.686493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27570.107369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16017.913679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38484.686493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27570.107369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    123540                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    882103000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2097793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2979896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         155429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.648360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18017.913679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40484.647895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29570.087523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    784189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1994161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2778350000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16017.913679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38484.686493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27570.107369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.402278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 197127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               123540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.595653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   135.330154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.129161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   277.942963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.264317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.189705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.542857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321948                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               155429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              155428                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         42467                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       203692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  353324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7877056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4788224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12665280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           374080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            367764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           403060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21272839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25537911000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110393                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34372260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   219074                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              469864362                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000022                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11907034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025538                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25537911000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1315096                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11907034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1320747                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2270                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1022322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1055                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7829158                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           437                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25537900                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25537900                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074222                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3884174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972517                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263436                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11615726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11615726                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533912                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370599                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319015                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341238                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1022223                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71363      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9177004     77.07%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35107      0.29%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.30%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.09%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.93%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67364      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267469     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  926005      7.78%     98.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51546      0.43%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11907360                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        51600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        31724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           83324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        51600                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        31724                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          83324                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        28918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         33524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4606                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28918                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        33524                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1776739000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2070222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1776739000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2070222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       116848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       116848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.286903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.286903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63717.542336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61440.590636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61753.430378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63717.542336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61440.590636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61753.430378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         9675                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             9675                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        33524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        33524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    284271000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1718903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2003174000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    284271000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1718903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2003174000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61717.542336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59440.590636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59753.430378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61717.542336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59440.590636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59753.430378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 12334                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        51600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        31724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          83324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        33524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1776739000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2070222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       116848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.286903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63717.542336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61440.590636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61753.430378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    284271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1718903000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2003174000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61717.542336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59440.590636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59753.430378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        12839.773481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              41093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            12334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.331685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    41.481812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1966.964128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 10831.327540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.060027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.330546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.391839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        21405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9923                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.653229                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           192227                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          192227                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7726971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7726971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7726971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7726971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         102187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             102187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        102187                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            102187                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2043534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2043534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2043534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2043534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7829158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7829158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19997.984088                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19997.984088                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19997.984088                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19997.984088                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        102187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1839160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1839160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1839160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1839160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17997.984088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17997.984088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17997.984088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17997.984088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     101931                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7726971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7726971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        102187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            102187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2043534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2043534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7829158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19997.984088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19997.984088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       102187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1839160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1839160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17997.984088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17997.984088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.994502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7541575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                101931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.987060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.994502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7931345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7931345                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               33524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              33524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        76723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        76723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  76723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2764736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2764736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2764736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            81899000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          179108750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          294784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1850752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2145536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       294784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         294784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       619200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           619200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            28918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                33524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11542996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           72470767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               84013763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11542996                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11542996                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        24246306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              24246306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        24246306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11542996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          72470767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             108260069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      9632.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4606.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     28861.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007088935750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           542                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           542                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                83030                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                9112                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        33524                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9675                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      33524                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9675                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      57                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     43                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     325499000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   167335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                953005250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9725.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28475.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     22364                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     8229                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  33524                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9675                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    33458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     220.874609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.990084                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    269.180247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6159     49.35%     49.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2845     22.79%     72.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1490     11.94%     84.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          429      3.44%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          271      2.17%     89.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          170      1.36%     91.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          164      1.31%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          134      1.07%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          819      6.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          542                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       61.714022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      26.841107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     171.297822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            495     91.33%     91.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11      2.03%     93.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           13      2.40%     95.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           10      1.85%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      1.29%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.18%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.18%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.37%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.18%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.18%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            542                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          542                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.725092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.711214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.682551                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                72     13.28%     13.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      0.92%     14.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               465     85.79%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            542                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2141888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   614848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2145536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                619200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         83.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         24.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      84.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      24.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25497763000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      590239.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       294784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1847104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       614848                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11542995.822955135256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 72327920.635325267911                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 24075892.503501951694                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4606                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        28918                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9675                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    139724250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    813281000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 615927586000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30335.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28123.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  63661765.99                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              43825320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              23293710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            116681880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            24586200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2015404560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5582562330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5105452800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12911806800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         505.593696                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13212017500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    852540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11473353500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              45289020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              24071685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            122272500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            25562340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2015404560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5652998370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5046138240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12931736715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.374101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13056785000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    852540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11628586000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2250916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2250916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2252816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2252816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3269979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3269979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3311354000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3311354000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36661.012389                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36661.012389                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36822.689515                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36822.689515                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3091591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3091591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3131502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3131502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34661.034811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34661.034811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34822.711755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34822.711755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      89670                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1263357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1263357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1140936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1140936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20850.438596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20850.438596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1031498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1031498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18850.475146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18850.475146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2129043000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2129043000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61756.142132                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61756.142132                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2060093000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2060093000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59756.142132                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59756.142132                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41375000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     41375000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56523.224044                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56523.224044                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     39911000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39911000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54523.224044                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54523.224044                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.420629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2113983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 89670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.575142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.420629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2432669                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2432669                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           45981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            116849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           116849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1014949000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2507249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3522198000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1014949000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2507249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3522198000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          192114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         192114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.608227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.608227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18057.662883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41344.409083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30143.159120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18057.662883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41344.409083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30143.159120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    902537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2385965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3288502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    902537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2385965000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3288502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16057.662883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39344.442063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28143.176236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16057.662883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39344.442063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28143.176236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    140551                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           116849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1014949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2507249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3522198000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         192114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.608227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18057.662883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41344.409083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30143.159120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    902537000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2385965000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3288502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16057.662883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39344.442063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28143.176236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.669113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 221466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               140551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.575699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   124.470635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   111.684063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   274.514415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.243107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.218133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.536161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381459                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               192114                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              192113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48282                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       228135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       204374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  432509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8845312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6539968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15385280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           510935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            433524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           449630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25537911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                29666015000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118937                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34379168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   233767                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    58.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              504053745                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13758336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.029666                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29666015000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559791                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13758336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1536925                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2294                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130863                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1063                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150497                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           468                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         29666015                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   29666015                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4555849                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161276                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263436                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275373                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462034                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25994847                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864806                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535194                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2665957                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130763                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72581      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10701249     77.78%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36227      0.26%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.26%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.08%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.81%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.38%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67364      0.49%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483648     10.78%     91.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034545      7.52%     98.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51546      0.37%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13758662                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        60586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        39712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          100298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        60586                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        39712                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         100298                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        29901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         34708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4807                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29901                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        34708                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    306908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1840189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2147097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    306908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1840189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2147097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       135006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       135006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.429532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.257085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.429532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.257085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63846.057832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61542.724324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61861.732165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63846.057832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61542.724324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61861.732165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        10562                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            10562                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        34708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        34708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1780387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2077681000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1780387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2077681000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.429532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.429532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61846.057832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59542.724324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59861.732165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61846.057832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59542.724324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59861.732165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 13385                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        60586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        39712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         100298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        34708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    306908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1840189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2147097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       135006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.429532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.257085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63846.057832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61542.724324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61861.732165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1780387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2077681000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.429532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61846.057832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59542.724324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59861.732165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        14038.422643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             179908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            34928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.150825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    42.721982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2068.478375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 11927.222286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.063125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.363990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.428419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        21543                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          513                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10816                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.657440                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           214836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          214836                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9013236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9013236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9013236                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9013236                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         137261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             137261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        137261                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            137261                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2619432000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2619432000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2619432000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2619432000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19083.585286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19083.585286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19083.585286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19083.585286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2344910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2344910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2344910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2344910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17083.585286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17083.585286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17083.585286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17083.585286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137005                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9013236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9013236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        137261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            137261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2619432000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2619432000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19083.585286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19083.585286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2344910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2344910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17083.585286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17083.585286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.273573                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.664945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.273573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9287758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9287758                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               34708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10562                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        79978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        79978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  79978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2897280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2897280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2897280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            87518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185489500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          307648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1913664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2221312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       307648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         307648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       675968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           675968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            29901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                34708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         10562                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               10562                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10370385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           64506945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               74877330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10370385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10370385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        22785939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              22785939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        22785939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10370385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          64506945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              97663269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     10519.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4807.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     29844.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007088935750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           593                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           593                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                87335                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                9956                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        34708                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       10562                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      34708                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     10562                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      57                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     43                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     340641250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   173255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                990347500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9830.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28580.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     22949                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     8951                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  34708                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 10562                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    34642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     218.048140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.316311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    265.123644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6497     49.02%     49.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3120     23.54%     72.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1567     11.82%     84.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          451      3.40%     87.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          296      2.23%     90.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          185      1.40%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          171      1.29%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          135      1.02%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          831      6.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       58.430017                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      26.505519                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     164.107513                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            546     92.07%     92.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11      1.85%     93.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           13      2.19%     96.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           10      1.69%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      1.18%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.17%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.17%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.34%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.17%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.709949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.695454                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.697621                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                83     14.00%     14.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      1.01%     15.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               504     84.99%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2217664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   672128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2221312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                675968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         74.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         22.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      74.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      22.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29642578000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      654795.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       307648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1910016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       672128                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10370385.102279493585                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 64383976.074980072677                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 22656497.679246775806                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4807                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        29901                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        10562                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    146437750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    843909750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 720690791250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30463.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28223.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  68234310.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              45181920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              24014760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            118881000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            25854660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2341778400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5814430920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6495386880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14865528540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         501.096239                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16823057250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    990600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11852357750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              49444500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              26280375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            128527140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            28965780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2341778400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6028272690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6315309600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14918578485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.884479                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16352963250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    990600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12322451750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2556253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2556253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2564383                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2564383                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3478156000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3478156000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3606193000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3606193000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35007.357456                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35007.357456                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34984.749561                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34984.749561                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3279446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3279446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3400035000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3400035000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33007.357456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33007.357456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32984.749561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32984.749561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     102823                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1461140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1461140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1308232000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1308232000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20475.357238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20475.357238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1180446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1180446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18475.357238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18475.357238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1095113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1095113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2169924000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2169924000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61190.119001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61190.119001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2099000000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2099000000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59190.119001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59190.119001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128037000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    128037000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34381.578947                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34381.578947                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    120589000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120589000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32381.578947                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32381.578947                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.501250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                103079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.877841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.501250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2770541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2770541                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           71868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              105334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             105334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         65393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         69613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            135006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           135006                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1147403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2685356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3832759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1147403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2685356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3832759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          240340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         240340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.561729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.561729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17546.266420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38575.495956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28389.545650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17546.266420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38575.495956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28389.545650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1016617000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2546130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3562747000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1016617000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2546130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3562747000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15546.266420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36575.495956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26389.545650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15546.266420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36575.495956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26389.545650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    161841                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             105334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           135006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1147403000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2685356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3832759000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         240340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.561729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17546.266420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38575.495956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28389.545650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1016617000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2546130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3562747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15546.266420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36575.495956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26389.545650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.854309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 292599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               162353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.802240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   123.054089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   127.774360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.025860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.240340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.249559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.507863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454952                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454952                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               240340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              240340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         52259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       258417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       274522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  532939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9941632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8784704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 18726336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           686305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           515395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29666015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
