
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3826674000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109766                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34400112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   220999                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              420013073                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000025                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2013478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003827                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3826674000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240145                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000025                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2013478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      177660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135779                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1293630                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3826663                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3826663                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1574328                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              729666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  89568                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         89568                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               142315                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               64073                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28269                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1937429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1937429                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3536038                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1567289                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      176785                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        312546                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23054      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1614565     80.18%     81.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1188      0.06%     81.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     785      0.04%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.09%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30794      1.53%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12148      0.60%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14731      0.73%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165265      8.21%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120158      5.97%     98.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11520      0.57%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15603      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2013568                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         2743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2743                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1895                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4638                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1565                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4449                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6014                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95348000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    358756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95348000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    358756000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.564589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.564589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60925.239617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59206.113733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59653.475224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60925.239617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59206.113733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59653.475224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254510000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    346728000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254510000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    346728000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58925.239617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57206.113733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57653.475224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58925.239617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57206.113733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57653.475224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    11                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95348000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    358756000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.564589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60925.239617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59206.113733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59653.475224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    346728000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58925.239617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57206.113733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57653.475224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4151.096522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                 14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               11                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.272727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   970.892173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3180.204349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.024263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.031670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.045799                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            21322                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           21322                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1286376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1286376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1286376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1286376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           7254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               7254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          7254                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              7254                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    218498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    218498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    218498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    218498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1293630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1293630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30121.036669                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30121.036669                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30121.036669                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30121.036669                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    203990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    203990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    203990000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    203990000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28121.036669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28121.036669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28121.036669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28121.036669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6998                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1286376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1286376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          7254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              7254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    218498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1293630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30121.036669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30121.036669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    203990000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    203990000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28121.036669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28121.036669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               242.626683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  824060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                117.756502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   242.626683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.947760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.947760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1300884                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1300884                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       384896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       384896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  384896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           32034000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          100160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          284736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              384896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       100160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         100160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26174166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           74408220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              100582386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26174166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26174166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26174166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          74408220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             100582386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1565.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4449.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000574500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13009                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6014                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6014                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      45566750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    30070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                158329250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7576.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26326.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4459                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6014                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     247.521543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    148.500956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    291.457965                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           689     44.31%     44.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          404     25.98%     70.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          151      9.71%     80.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           65      4.18%     84.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           52      3.34%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      1.67%     89.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      1.22%     90.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      1.03%     91.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          133      8.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  384896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   384896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        100.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     100.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3472665000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      577430.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       100160                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       284736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26174165.868323247880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 74408219.775188580155                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1565                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4449                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     43165000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    115164250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27581.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25885.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5761980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3062565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20627460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      301788240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         631516680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         937639680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1900396605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.618370                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2431343000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    127660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1267671000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5340720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2838660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             22312500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      301788240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         767999760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         822706560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1922986440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.521626                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2130907250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    127660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1568106750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           303914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               303914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304599                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304599                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    403289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    411403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    411403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       312382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           312382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       313349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          313349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47625.059046                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47625.059046                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47017.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47017.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    386355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    393905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45625.295229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45625.295229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45017.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45017.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8493                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    135247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       176676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          176676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32155.729910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32155.729910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126835000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126835000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30155.729910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30155.729910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268042000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    268042000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62891.130924                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62891.130924                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259520000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    259520000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60891.600188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60891.600188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8114000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      8114000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28773.049645                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28773.049645                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7550000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7550000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26773.049645                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26773.049645                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.133476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  242622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.567291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.133476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.984896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                322098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               322098                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    336982000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    485204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    336982000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    485204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           16004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          16004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.665646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.665646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34406.220984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53109.850276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45546.231109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34406.220984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53109.850276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45546.231109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    139606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    463900000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    139606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    463900000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32406.220984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51110.165485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43546.418849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32406.220984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51110.165485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43546.418849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13544                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    336982000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    485204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          16004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.665646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34406.220984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53109.850276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45546.231109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    139606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    463900000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32406.220984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51110.165485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43546.418849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.118116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  20782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.534406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   158.148863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   107.158707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.810546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.308884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.209294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.464474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                35558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               35558                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                16004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               16003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        22997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        14508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   37505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       911808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       464256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1376064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            36270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            43745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3826674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7868833000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 111988                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34422500                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   220258                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              440580155                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000089                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3933834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007869                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7868833000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454643                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3933834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      429908                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           439                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      300266                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614551                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           257                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7868822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7868822                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2550185                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309603                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       345983                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 112048                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        112048                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               169517                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               70788                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66466                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847033                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343920                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3113886                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      428994                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        729242                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     300248                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26346      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3099538     78.79%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4907      0.12%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6717      0.17%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1284      0.03%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.05%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32098      0.82%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12596      0.32%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18672      0.47%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.02%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   417002     10.60%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  269328      6.85%     98.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11992      0.30%     99.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30920      0.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3933981                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           15772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6256                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9516                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          15772                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2392                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6888                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9280                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    146454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    411916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    558370000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    146454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    411916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    558370000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        25052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        25052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.276596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.419898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.370430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.276596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.419898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.370430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61226.588629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59801.974448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60169.181034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61226.588629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59801.974448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60169.181034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    398140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    539810000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141670000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    398140000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    539810000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.276596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.419898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.276596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.419898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59226.588629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57801.974448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58169.181034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59226.588629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57801.974448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58169.181034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   106                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          15772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    146454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    411916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    558370000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        25052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.276596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.419898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.370430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61226.588629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59801.974448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60169.181034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141670000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    398140000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    539810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.276596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.419898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59226.588629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57801.974448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58169.181034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5732.070153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.641509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1446.584783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4285.485370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.011037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.032696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.043732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.069992                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            45874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           45874                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2600295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2600295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2600295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2600295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          14256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              14256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         14256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             14256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    390544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    390544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    390544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    390544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27395.061728                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27395.061728                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27395.061728                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27395.061728                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    362034000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    362034000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    362034000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    362034000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25395.202020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25395.202020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25395.202020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25395.202020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13999                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2600295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2600295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         14256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             14256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    390544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    390544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27395.061728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27395.061728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    362034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    362034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25395.202020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25395.202020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.496453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2424471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                173.188871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.496453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.974596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.974596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2628806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2628806                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       593920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       593920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  593920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           49520000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          153088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          440832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              593920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       153088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         153088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19454981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           56022539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               75477520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19454981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19454981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19454981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          56022539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              75477520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2392.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6888.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000574500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20575                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9280                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9280                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      75005750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    46400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                249005750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8082.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26832.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6507                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9280                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     214.241790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.218922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    256.266520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1343     48.47%     48.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          708     25.55%     74.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          274      9.89%     83.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          123      4.44%     88.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           78      2.81%     91.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      1.34%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.90%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.65%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          165      5.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  593920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   593920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         75.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      75.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7865767000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      847604.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       153088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       440832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19454981.443881195039                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56022538.539069257677                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2392                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6888                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     66676000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    182329750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27874.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26470.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10481520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5563470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             33165300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      620786400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1380235620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1859328480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3909560790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.841246                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4820442500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    262600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2785790500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9317700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4952475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             33093900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      620786400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1382280210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1857606720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3908037405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         496.647648                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4814882750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    262600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2791350250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           704353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               704353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          705141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              705141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    824929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    824929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    837529000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    837529000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       730027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          730027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33615.688672                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33615.688672                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33654.625090                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33654.625090                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    775849000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    775849000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    787757000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    787757000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31615.688672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31615.688672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31654.625090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31654.625090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24630                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          414319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              414319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334552000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    334552000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23194.120910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23194.120910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305704000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    305704000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21194.120910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21194.120910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    490377000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    490377000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48475.385528                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48475.385528                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470145000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470145000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46475.385528                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46475.385528                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12600000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     12600000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36416.184971                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36416.184971                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11908000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11908000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34416.184971                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34416.184971                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.119680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  719008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 29.192367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.119680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                754913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               754913                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14089                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254094000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611392000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    865486000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254094000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611392000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    865486000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.640054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.640054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29378.425251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37270.909534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34546.202052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29378.425251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37270.909534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34546.202052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    236798000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    578584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    815382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    236798000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    578584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    815382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27378.656492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35270.909534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32546.281882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27378.656492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35270.909534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32546.281882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     33751                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            25053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254094000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    865486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.640054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29378.425251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37270.909534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34546.202052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    236798000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    578584000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    815382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27378.656492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35270.909534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32546.281882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.680671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                33751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.496430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   160.308153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   128.656680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   218.715838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.313102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.251283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.427179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86396                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39142                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12991                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        28511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   91274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2424128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       912320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3336448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            71275000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           124430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7868833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12470210000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 111122                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34428884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   220613                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              461880899                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000134                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012470                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12470210000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650623                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000134                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702616                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           804                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500961                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           491                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917852                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           278                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12470199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12470199                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3566479                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867139                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469919                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 214910                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        214910                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               322954                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              134368                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120141                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803799                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803799                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11408247                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700833                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701412                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1202337                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500925                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41136      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553614     76.45%     77.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16018      0.27%     77.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17040      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2488      0.04%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5062      0.08%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56283      0.94%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25246      0.42%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36494      0.61%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    744      0.01%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676770     11.36%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  440117      7.39%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               24642      0.41%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60808      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956496                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        20199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        15665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           35864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        20199                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        15665                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          35864                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2941                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11987                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14928                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    732959000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    915764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    732959000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    915764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.293905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.293905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62157.429446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61146.158338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61345.391211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62157.429446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61146.158338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61345.391211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    176923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    708985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    885908000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    176923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    708985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    885908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60157.429446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59146.158338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59345.391211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60157.429446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59146.158338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59345.391211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   309                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        20199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        15665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          35864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    732959000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    915764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.293905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62157.429446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61146.158338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61345.391211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    176923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    708985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    885908000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60157.429446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59146.158338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59345.391211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8019.784266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.864078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.937485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1830.603083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  6188.243699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.013966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.047213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.061186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14622                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1027                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4800                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.111557                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            85047                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           85047                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3881065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3881065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3881065                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3881065                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          36787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              36787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         36787                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             36787                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    822073000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    822073000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    822073000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    822073000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22346.834480                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22346.834480                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22346.834480                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22346.834480                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         36787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    748499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    748499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    748499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    748499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20346.834480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20346.834480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20346.834480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20346.834480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      36531                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3881065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3881065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         36787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             36787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    822073000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    822073000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22346.834480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22346.834480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    748499000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    748499000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20346.834480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20346.834480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.896194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3663595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 36531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                100.287290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.896194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.983970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3954639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3954639                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        29857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        29857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  29857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       955456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       955456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  955456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14933000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           79913500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          188224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          767168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              955392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       188224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         188224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total               64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15093892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           61520055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               76613946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15093892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15093892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks            5132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                  5132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks            5132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15093892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          61520055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              76619079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         1.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2941.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11987.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                33054                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14928                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14928                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     137960750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    74640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                417860750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9241.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27991.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9398                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14928                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     172.852127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    116.981468                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    202.415896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3039     55.00%     55.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1205     21.81%     76.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          688     12.45%     89.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          207      3.75%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          130      2.35%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           44      0.80%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.51%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.33%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          166      3.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  955392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   955392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                    64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         76.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      76.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12469095000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      835226.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       188224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       767168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15093891.762849221006                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 61520054.594108678401                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2941                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11987                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     84668500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    333192250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28789.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27796.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19942020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10591845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             53028780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      984038640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2778144660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2449070400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6294816345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         504.788319                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6340599500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    416260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5713350500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19542180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10375530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             53557140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      984038640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2785049640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2443255680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6295818810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.868708                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6324281750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    416260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5729668250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1158436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1158436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1159224                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1159224                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1469634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1469634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1482234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1482234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1202223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1202223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1203357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1203357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33563.249366                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33563.249366                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33585.616206                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33585.616206                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1382062000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1382062000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1393970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31563.295042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31563.295042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31585.661523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31585.661523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43876                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          673835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              673835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    597011000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    597011000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21618.300985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21618.300985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    541779000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    541779000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19618.300985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19618.300985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    872623000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    872623000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53962.216313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53962.216313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    840283000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    840283000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51962.339991                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51962.339991                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12600000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     12600000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36416.184971                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36416.184971                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11908000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11908000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34416.184971                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34416.184971                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.813498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1189668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.114322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.813498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1247489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1247489                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           13647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               30127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              30127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         23140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         27653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477743000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1068461000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1546204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1068461000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1546204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20645.764909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38638.158608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30441.281279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20645.764909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38638.158608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30441.281279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431463000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1013157000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1444620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1013157000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1444620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18645.764909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36638.230933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28441.320654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18645.764909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36638.230933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28441.320654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64659                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              30127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477743000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1068461000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1546204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20645.764909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38638.158608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30441.281279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1013157000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1444620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18645.764909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36638.230933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28441.320654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.274458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 102737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.588905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   151.141838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   108.413760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.718860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.295199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.211746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.487732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               169382                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              169382                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80920                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80919                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23291                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        73574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  185130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4315072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2354368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6669440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           183935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            197375000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           220660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12470210000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16822811000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 111499                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34432432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   222648                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              468928246                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7987470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016823                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16822811000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848986                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7987470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963626                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1591                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669540                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           684                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208357                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           286                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16822800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16822800                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4704999                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2468393                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597367                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 325453                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        325453                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               498888                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              215031                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174914                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750948                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15430487                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304822                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962161                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631647                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     669486                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59903      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041955     75.64%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23677      0.30%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28451      0.36%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3311      0.04%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9006      0.11%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    91967      1.15%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    41850      0.52%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54019      0.68%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1916      0.02%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920777     11.53%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  591458      7.40%     98.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41384      0.52%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              78028      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7987742                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        34758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        23433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           58191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        34758                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        23433                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          58191                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        15417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         18577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3160                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15417                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        18577                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    198355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    950568000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1148923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    198355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    950568000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1148923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        76768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        76768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.083338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.241989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.083338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.241989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62770.569620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61657.131738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61846.530656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62770.569620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61657.131738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61846.530656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        18577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        18577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192035000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    919734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1111769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192035000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    919734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1111769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.083338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.083338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60770.569620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59657.131738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59846.530656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60770.569620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59657.131738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59846.530656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   358                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        34758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        23433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          58191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        18577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    198355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    950568000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1148923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        76768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.083338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.241989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62770.569620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61657.131738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61846.530656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    919734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1111769000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.083338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60770.569620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59657.131738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59846.530656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        10187.841498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.790503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.471123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2066.662158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8119.708217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.015767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.061948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.077727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        18222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7942                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.139023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           121214                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          121214                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5149184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5149184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5149184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5149184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          59173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              59173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         59173                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             59173                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1232496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1232496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1232496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1232496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20828.688760                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20828.688760                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20828.688760                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20828.688760                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1114150000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1114150000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1114150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1114150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18828.688760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18828.688760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18828.688760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18828.688760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      58917                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5149184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5149184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         59173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             59173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1232496000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1232496000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20828.688760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20828.688760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1114150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1114150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18828.688760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18828.688760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.957980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4845083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 58917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.235738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.957980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.988117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5267530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5267530                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18577                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18577                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        37155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1188992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1188992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1188992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            18582000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           99563750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          202240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          986688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1188928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       202240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         202240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total               64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            15417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12021772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58651791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               70673563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12021772                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12021772                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks            3804                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                  3804                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks            3804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12021772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58651791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              70677368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         1.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3160.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15417.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                41470                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18577                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18577                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     180878750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    92885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                529197500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9736.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28486.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11179                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18577                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     160.709381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.392190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    183.003830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4204     56.83%     56.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1566     21.17%     77.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          979     13.23%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          248      3.35%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          141      1.91%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           46      0.62%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      0.39%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.24%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          167      2.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1188928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1188928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                    64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         70.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      70.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16818267000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      905278.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       202240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       986688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12021772.104554940015                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 58651791.308836556971                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3160                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        15417                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     92884000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    436313500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29393.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28300.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              25575480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13593690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             65316720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1327622400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3783473040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3273876960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8489458290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         504.639700                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8474998500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    561600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7786212500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27246240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14481720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             67323060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1327622400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3864735660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3205445280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8506854360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.673776                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8295287500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    561600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7965923500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1569686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1569686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1570474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1570474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         62420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             62420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1999645000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1999645000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2012245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2012245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32213.889873                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32213.889873                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32237.183595                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32237.183595                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31209                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31209                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1875499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1875499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1887407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1887407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30213.922093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30213.922093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30237.215636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30237.215636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62163                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          920906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              920906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    858132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    858132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20650.511370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20650.511370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    775024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    775024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18650.559499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18650.559499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1141513000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1141513000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55631.999610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55631.999610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1100475000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100475000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53631.999610                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53631.999610                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12600000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     12600000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36416.184971                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36416.184971                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11908000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11908000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34416.184971                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34416.184971                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.120484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1616647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.006579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.120484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1695313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1695313                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           21255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           23569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76769                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    684969000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424784000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2109753000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    684969000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424784000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2109753000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          121593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         121593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.631360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.631360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18064.481249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36673.032869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27481.835116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18064.481249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36673.032869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27481.835116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    609133000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1347084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    609133000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1347084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16064.481249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34673.084348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25481.861168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16064.481249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34673.084348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25481.861168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     95439                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    684969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2109753000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         121593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.631360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18064.481249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36673.032869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27481.835116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    609133000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1347084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16064.481249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34673.084348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25481.861168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.979644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 151392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                95439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.586270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   145.668021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   104.659701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   259.651922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.284508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.204413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.507133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               248753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              248753                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               121593                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              121592                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       156048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  274394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5992192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3787072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9779264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           295865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            277638000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           312095000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16822811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21232929000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 112248                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34443244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   223698                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              476662630                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000054                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9964621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021233                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21232929000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055699                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9964621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1147119                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2191                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      866731                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           920                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485959                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           358                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21232918                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21232918                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795674                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       758214                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 397313                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        397313                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               607476                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              262216                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209128                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9679458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9679458                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19081580                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1145402                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012033                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     866631                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70097      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7567780     75.94%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34402      0.35%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34270      0.34%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4104      0.04%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.11%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110565      1.11%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51712      0.52%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   66830      0.67%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094058     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  771832      7.75%     98.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51344      0.52%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94799      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9964945                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        45250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        28190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           73440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        45250                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        28190                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          73440                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        23626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         27333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3707                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23626                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        27333                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    234078000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1450567000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1684645000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    234078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1450567000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1684645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.271233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.271233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63144.861074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61397.062558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61634.105294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63144.861074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61397.062558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61634.105294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        27333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        27333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    226664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403315000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1629979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    226664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403315000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1629979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61144.861074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59397.062558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59634.105294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61144.861074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59397.062558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59634.105294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   417                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        45250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        28190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          73440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        27333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    234078000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1450567000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1684645000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.271233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63144.861074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61397.062558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61634.105294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    226664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403315000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1629979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61144.861074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59397.062558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59634.105294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        12467.380219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.623501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.620137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2273.721075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 10192.039006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.077759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.095119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        26919                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.205376                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           163848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          163848                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6411143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6411143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6411143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6411143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          74816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              74816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         74816                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             74816                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1546220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1546220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1546220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1546220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20666.969632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20666.969632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20666.969632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20666.969632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1396588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1396588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1396588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1396588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18666.969632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18666.969632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18666.969632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18666.969632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      74560                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6411143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6411143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         74816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             74816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1546220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1546220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20666.969632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20666.969632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1396588000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1396588000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18666.969632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18666.969632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.589813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6103182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 74560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.855982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.589813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6560775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6560775                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        54670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        54670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  54670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1749568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1749568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1749568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            27353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          146150500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          237248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1512064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1749312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       237248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         237248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            23626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                27333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11173588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           71213161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               82386749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11173588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11173588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           12057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 12057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           12057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11173588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          71213161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              82398806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3707.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     23626.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                60117                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        27333                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      27333                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     260671000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   136665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                773164750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9536.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28286.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17656                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  27333                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     4                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     180.709384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    118.338019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    220.002047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5403     55.84%     55.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1947     20.12%     75.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1259     13.01%     88.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          304      3.14%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          173      1.79%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           64      0.66%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          138      1.43%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           47      0.49%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          341      3.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1749312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1749312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         82.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      82.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21232659000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      776700.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       237248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1512064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11173587.968009499833                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 71213161.406040579081                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3707                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        23626                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            4                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    110324250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    662840500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29761.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28055.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              33915000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              18022455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             93955260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1675508640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4959487350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3977034720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10757923425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.662243                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10290999750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    708760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10233169250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              35178780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              18697965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            101202360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1675508640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5098346760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3860100480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10789034985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.127493                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9984828250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    708760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10539340750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1931013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1931013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1932913                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1932913                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2778940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2778940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2820744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2820744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2010894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2010894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34788.497891                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34788.497891                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34991.180083                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34991.180083                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2619180000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2619180000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2659520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2659520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32788.522928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32788.522928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32991.204893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32991.204893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      80356                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1093667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1093667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1044909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1044909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1144449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1144449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20576.365641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20576.365641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    943345000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    943345000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18576.365641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18576.365641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1734031000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1734031000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59590.741950                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59590.741950                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1675835000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1675835000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57590.810681                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57590.810681                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41804000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     41804000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57109.289617                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57109.289617                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     40340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55109.289617                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55109.289617                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.303161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 80356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.006670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.303161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2094138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2094138                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           25859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54655                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    863105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2076923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2940028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    863105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2076923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2940028000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          155429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         155429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.648360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.648360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17629.858856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40081.884324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29174.469605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17629.858856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40081.884324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29174.469605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    765191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1973291000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2738482000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    765191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1973291000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2738482000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15629.858856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38081.922921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27174.489452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15629.858856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38081.922921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27174.489452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    123540                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    863105000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2076923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2940028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         155429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.648360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17629.858856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40081.884324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29174.469605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    765191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1973291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2738482000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15629.858856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38081.922921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27174.489452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.399275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 197127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               123540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.595653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   135.364544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.115303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   277.919428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.264384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.189678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.542811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321948                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               155429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              155428                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         42467                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       203692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  353324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7877056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4788224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12665280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           374080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            367764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           403060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21232929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25482441000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120226                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34457508                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   238586                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    49.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              510601798                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000022                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11907034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025482                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25482441000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1315096                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11907034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1320747                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2270                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1022322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1055                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7829158                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           437                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25482430                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25482430                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074222                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3884174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972517                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263436                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11615726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11615726                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533912                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370599                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319015                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341238                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1022223                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71363      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9177004     77.07%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35107      0.29%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.30%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.09%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.93%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67364      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267469     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  926005      7.78%     98.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51546      0.43%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11907360                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        51967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        32049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           84016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        51967                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        32049                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          84016                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        28593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         32832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4239                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28593                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        32832                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1746173000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2013410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267237000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1746173000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2013410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       116848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       116848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.280980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.280980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63042.462845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61069.947190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61324.622320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63042.462845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61069.947190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61324.622320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          317                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              317                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        32832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        32832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1688987000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1947746000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1688987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1947746000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61042.462845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59069.947190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59324.622320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61042.462845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59069.947190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59324.622320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   769                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        51967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        32049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          84016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        32832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1746173000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2013410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       116848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.280980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63042.462845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61069.947190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61324.622320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1688987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1947746000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.075419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61042.462845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59069.947190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59324.622320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        15592.056419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.418726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.349959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2501.503079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 13089.203381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.019085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.099863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.118958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32066                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        15330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16681                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.244644                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           191323                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          191323                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7726971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7726971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7726971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7726971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         102187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             102187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        102187                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            102187                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2018022000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2018022000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2018022000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2018022000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7829158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7829158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19748.324151                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19748.324151                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19748.324151                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19748.324151                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        102187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1813648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1813648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1813648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1813648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17748.324151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17748.324151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17748.324151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17748.324151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     101931                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7726971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7726971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        102187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            102187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2018022000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2018022000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7829158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19748.324151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19748.324151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       102187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1813648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1813648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17748.324151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17748.324151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.991742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7541575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                101931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.987060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.991742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7931345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7931345                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               32832                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              32832                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        65981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        65981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  65981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2121536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2121536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2121536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            34417000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          175164750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          271296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1829952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2101248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       271296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         271296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        20288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            20288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            28593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                32832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           317                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 317                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10646390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           71812273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               82458662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10646390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10646390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          796156                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                796156                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          796156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10646390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          71812273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              83254818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       317.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4239.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     28593.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.028364770500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            17                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            17                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                72510                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 269                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        32832                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         317                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      32832                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       317                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     303343500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   164160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                918943500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9239.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27989.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     22527                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      234                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  32832                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   317                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    32823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     204.649223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    127.008542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    252.199227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5539     53.48%     53.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2065     19.94%     73.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1313     12.68%     86.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          315      3.04%     89.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          195      1.88%     91.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           82      0.79%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          278      2.68%     94.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           59      0.57%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          511      4.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1929.411765                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      41.104833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    7787.833043                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023            16     94.12%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      5.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.823529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.795107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.014599                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                10     58.82%     58.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 7     41.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2101248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    18304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2101248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 20288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         82.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      82.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25442293000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      767513.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       271296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1829952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        18304                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10646389.802295627072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 71812272.615484520793                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 718298.533488216461                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4239                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        28593                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          317                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    125748500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    793195000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  73565276500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29664.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27740.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 232067118.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              36106980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              19191315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            114354240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              370620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2011102080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5425838550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5216130240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12823094025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         503.212939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13507256000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    850720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11124465000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              37842000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              20113500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            120066240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1122300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2011102080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5556678630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5105949120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12852873870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.381581                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13218852750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    850720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11412868250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2250916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2250916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2252816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2252816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3239634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3239634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3281438000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3281438000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36320.802736                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36320.802736                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36490.019683                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36490.019683                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3061246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3061246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3101586000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3101586000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34320.825158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34320.825158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34490.041923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34490.041923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      89670                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1263357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1263357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1120793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1120793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20482.328216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20482.328216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1011355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18482.364766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18482.364766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2118841000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2118841000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61460.217549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61460.217549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2049891000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2049891000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59460.217549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59460.217549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41804000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     41804000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57109.289617                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57109.289617                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     40340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55109.289617                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55109.289617                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.419368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2113983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 89670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.575142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.419368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2432669                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2432669                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           45981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            116849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           116849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989437000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2477333000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3466770000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989437000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2477333000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3466770000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          192114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         192114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.608227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.608227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17603.761164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40851.095757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29668.803327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17603.761164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40851.095757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29668.803327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    877025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2356049000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3233074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    877025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2356049000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3233074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15603.761164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38851.128737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27668.820443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15603.761164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38851.128737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27668.820443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    140551                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           116849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2477333000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3466770000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         192114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.608227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17603.761164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40851.095757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29668.803327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    877025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2356049000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3233074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15603.761164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38851.128737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27668.820443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.666216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 221466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               140551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.575699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   124.491230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   111.662111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   274.512875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.243147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.218090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.536158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381459                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               192114                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              192113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48282                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       228135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       204374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  432509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8845312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6539968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15385280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           510935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            433524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           449630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25482441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                29606606000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 129591                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34464408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   254707                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              548105309                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13758336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.029607                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29606606000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559791                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13758336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1536925                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2294                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130863                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1063                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150497                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           468                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         29606606                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   29606606                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4555849                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161276                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263436                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275373                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462034                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25994847                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864806                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535194                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2665957                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130763                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72581      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10701249     77.78%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36227      0.26%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.26%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.08%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.81%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.38%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67364      0.49%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483648     10.78%     91.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034545      7.52%     98.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51546      0.37%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13758662                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        60956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        40081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          101037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        60956                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        40081                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         101037                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        29532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         33969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4437                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29532                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        33969                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    279490000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1806762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2086252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    279490000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1806762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2086252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       135006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       135006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.067851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.424231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.251611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.067851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.424231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.251611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62990.759522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61179.804957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61416.350202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62990.759522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61179.804957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61416.350202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          403                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              403                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        33969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        33969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1747698000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2018314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1747698000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2018314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.067851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.424231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.067851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.424231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60990.759522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59179.804957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59416.350202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60990.759522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59179.804957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59416.350202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   861                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        60956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        40081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         101037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        33969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    279490000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1806762000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2086252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       135006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.067851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.424231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.251611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62990.759522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61179.804957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61416.350202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1747698000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2018314000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.067851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.424231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60990.759522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59179.804957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59416.350202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        17922.620260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             179908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            33974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.295461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.235314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2701.531903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 15219.853044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.020611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.116118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.136739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        33113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        21106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.252632                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           213882                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          213882                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9013236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9013236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9013236                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9013236                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         137261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             137261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        137261                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            137261                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2592754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2592754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2592754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2592754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18889.225636                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18889.225636                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18889.225636                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18889.225636                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2318232000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2318232000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2318232000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2318232000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16889.225636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16889.225636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16889.225636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16889.225636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137005                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9013236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9013236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        137261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            137261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2592754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2592754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18889.225636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18889.225636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2318232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2318232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16889.225636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16889.225636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.271490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.664945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.271490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9287758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9287758                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               33969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              33969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        68341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        68341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  68341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2199808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2199808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2199808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35984000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          181272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          283968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1890048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2174016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       283968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         283968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        25792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            25792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            29532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                33969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           403                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 403                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9591373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           63838726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               73430099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9591373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9591373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          871157                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                871157                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          871157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9591373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          63838726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              74301256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       403.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4437.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     29532.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.028364770500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            22                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            22                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                75928                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 352                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        33969                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         403                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      33969                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       403                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        6.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     316923500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   169845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                953842250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9329.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28079.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     23112                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      299                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  33969                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   403                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    33960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     201.056714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.967558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    247.784057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5810     53.15%     53.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2301     21.05%     74.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1357     12.41%     86.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          325      2.97%     89.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          197      1.80%     91.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           86      0.79%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          279      2.55%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           62      0.57%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          515      4.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1498.545455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.113253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    6846.243201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023            21     95.45%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      4.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.970563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.023533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                11     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                11     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2174016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    23936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2174016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 25792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         73.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      73.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29583119000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      860674.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       283968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1890048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        23936                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9591372.952374210581                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 63838725.722225636244                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 808468.218207787839                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4437                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        29532                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          403                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    131389750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    822452500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 152960014500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29612.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27849.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 379553385.86                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              37106580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              19722615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            116332020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              673380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2336861280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5673445410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6591298560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14775439845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.058887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17079831250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    988520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11538254750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              40947900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              21764325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            126206640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1278900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2336861280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5927773710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6377127360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14831960115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         500.967930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16520317250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    988520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12097768750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2556253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2556253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2564383                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2564383                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3444568000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3444568000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3573504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3573504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34669.296965                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34669.296965                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34667.623861                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34667.623861                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3245858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3245858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3367346000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3367346000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32669.296965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32669.296965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32667.623861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32667.623861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     102823                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1461140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1461140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1286405000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1286405000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20133.739220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20133.739220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1158619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1158619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18133.739220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18133.739220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1095113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1095113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2158163000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2158163000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60858.468220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60858.468220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2087239000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2087239000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58858.468220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58858.468220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128936000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    128936000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34622.986037                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34622.986037                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    121488000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121488000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32622.986037                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32622.986037                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.500249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                103079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.877841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.500249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2770541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2770541                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           71868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              105334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             105334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         65393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         69613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            135006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           135006                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1120725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2652667000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3773392000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1120725000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2652667000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3773392000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          240340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         240340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.561729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.561729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17138.302265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38105.914125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27949.809638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17138.302265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38105.914125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27949.809638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2513441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3503380000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989939000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2513441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3503380000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15138.302265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36105.914125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25949.809638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15138.302265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36105.914125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25949.809638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    161841                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             105334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           135006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1120725000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2652667000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3773392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         240340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.561729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17138.302265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38105.914125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27949.809638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2513441000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3503380000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15138.302265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36105.914125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25949.809638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.852010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 292599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               162353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.802240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   123.070769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   127.771310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.009932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.240373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.249553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.507832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454952                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454952                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               240340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              240340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         52259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       258417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       274522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  532939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9941632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8784704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 18726336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           686305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           515395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29606606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
