
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4820938000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  87566                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34371820                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   158008                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              422142489                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004821                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4820938000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            205593                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      210775                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           104                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156157                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332480                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1110                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4820927                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4820927                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1099309                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              688280                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       162376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  25985                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         25985                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33304                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       26893                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1784264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1784264                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3577239                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1465055                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      210660                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        366815                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156155                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10803      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1398688     77.51%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1046      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17600      0.98%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     477      0.03%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        8      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2091      0.12%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1832      0.10%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5173      0.29%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      3      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   208987     11.58%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142260      7.88%     99.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1673      0.09%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13895      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1804536                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        28853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           35378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        28853                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6525                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          35378                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2973                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3935                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6908                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    179457000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    412757000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    179457000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    412757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        42286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        42286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.376195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.163364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.376195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.163364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60362.260343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59288.437103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59750.579039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60362.260343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59288.437103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59750.579039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173511000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    398941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173511000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    398941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.376195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.376195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58362.260343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57288.437103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57750.579039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58362.260343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57288.437103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57750.579039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        28853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          35378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    179457000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    412757000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        42286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.376195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60362.260343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59288.437103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59750.579039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173511000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    398941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.376195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58362.260343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57288.437103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57750.579039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3981.220347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1599.582127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2381.638220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.012204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.018170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.030374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6908                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          814                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6075                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.052704                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            56764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           56764                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    931113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    931113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    931113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    931113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22209.545845                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22209.545845                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22209.545845                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22209.545845                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    847267000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    847267000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    847267000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    847267000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20209.593550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20209.593550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20209.593550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20209.593550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41667                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    931113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    931113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22209.545845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22209.545845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    847267000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    847267000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20209.593550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20209.593550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.776155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1322210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.732786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.776155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.979594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1374403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1374403                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       442112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       442112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  442112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6908000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           36819250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          190272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          251840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              442112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       190272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         190272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           39467838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           52238797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               91706635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      39467838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          39467838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          39467838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          52238797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              91706635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2973.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3935.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15054                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6908                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6908                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      52987500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    34540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                182512500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7670.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26420.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4923                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6908                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     222.726448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.993969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    256.392699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           818     41.21%     41.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          645     32.49%     73.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          185      9.32%     83.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           95      4.79%     87.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           57      2.87%     90.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           33      1.66%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           21      1.06%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      0.81%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          115      5.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  442112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   442112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         91.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      91.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4807286000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      695901.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       190272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       251840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 39467838.001650296152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 52238796.682305388153                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2973                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3935                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     80339750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    102172750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27023.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25965.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7361340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3912645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23804760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      380462160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1134062310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         896240640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2445843855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.337754                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2318810750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    160940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2341187250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6811560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3620430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             25518360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      380462160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         997399680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1011324960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2425137150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.042593                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2619222000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    160940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2040776000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    498007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    498007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    517990000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    517990000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30329.293544                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30329.293544                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31013.651060                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31013.651060                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    465167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    484586000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    484586000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28329.293544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28329.293544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29013.651060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29013.651060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16446                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222567000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    222567000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20167.361363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20167.361363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    200495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18167.361363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18167.361363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275440000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    275440000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51158.989599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51158.989599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264672000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264672000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49158.989599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49158.989599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     19983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70861.702128                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70861.702128                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19419000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19419000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68861.702128                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68861.702128                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.795176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  359411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.854007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.795176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                383573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               383573                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         31827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    361410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    948659000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    361410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    948659000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           58626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          58626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.721301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18451.283501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34551.625239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22433.821269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18451.283501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34551.625239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22433.821269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523597000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    864087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523597000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    864087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16451.346341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32551.625239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20433.868565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16451.346341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32551.625239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20433.868565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47472                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    361410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    948659000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          58626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18451.283501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34551.625239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22433.821269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523597000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340490000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    864087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16451.346341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32551.625239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20433.868565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.465566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  66860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.408409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.679942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   227.755421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   182.030203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.188828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.444835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.355528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               115722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              115722                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                58626                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               58625                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        83847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  126363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1652096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4335168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           209615000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104186000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            83510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4820938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9664575000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  88642                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34403016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   162116                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              428336357                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009665                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9664575000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            427740                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      452187                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           393                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      313257                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           174                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2688069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3982                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9664564                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    9664564                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2221688                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1331575                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334624                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41741                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41741                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52406                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               16118                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55155                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3625523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3625523                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7204384                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2941682                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      452058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        765311                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     313253                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 16604      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2835621     77.52%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2469      0.07%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     23291      0.64%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     843      0.02%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       10      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2949      0.08%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2506      0.07%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8257      0.23%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      4      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  22      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   449316     12.28%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  290137      7.93%     99.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2742      0.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23116      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3657894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    69                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        64159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        18578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           82737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        64159                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        18578                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          82737                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4883                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4761                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9644                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291866000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281883000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    573749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281883000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    573749000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        92381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        92381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.104394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.104394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59771.861561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59206.679269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59492.845292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59771.861561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59206.679269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59492.845292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    282100000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    554461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    282100000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    554461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57771.861561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57206.679269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57492.845292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57771.861561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57206.679269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57492.845292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        64159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        18578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          82737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291866000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281883000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    573749000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        92381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.104394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59771.861561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59206.679269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59492.845292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    282100000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    554461000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57771.861561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57206.679269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57492.845292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6202.678176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2850.328830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3352.349346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.021746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.025576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.047323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9644                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.073578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           117913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          117913                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1892399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1892399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1892399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1892399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21335.065784                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21335.065784                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21335.065784                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21335.065784                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1715001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1715001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1715001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1715001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19335.065784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19335.065784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19335.065784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19335.065784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      88443                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1892399000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1892399000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21335.065784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21335.065784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1715001000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1715001000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19335.065784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19335.065784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.394212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2665841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 88443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.141911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.394212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.989821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2776768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2776768                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        19288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       617216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       617216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  617216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9644000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           51373500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          312512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          304704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              617216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       312512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         312512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           32335824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           31527925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63863750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      32335824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          32335824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          32335824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          31527925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              63863750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4883.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4761.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21770                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9644                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9644                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      71517250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    48220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                252342250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7415.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26165.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6954                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9644                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     229.224247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    146.914715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    259.060081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1086     40.39%     40.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          850     31.61%     72.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          268      9.97%     81.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          134      4.98%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           87      3.24%     90.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           47      1.75%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      1.45%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      0.97%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          152      5.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  617216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   617216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         63.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9664451000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1002120.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       312512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       304704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 32335824.389587748796                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 31527925.439038965851                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4883                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4761                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    129111500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    123230750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26441.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25883.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10317300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5483775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             35835660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      762768240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1627300410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2340838560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4782543945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.853001                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6069246750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    322660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3272668250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8889300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4720980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             33022500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      762768240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1389791670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2540845920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4740038610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         490.454946                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6591614250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    322660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2750300750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    910047000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    910047000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    934253000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    934253000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24366.033896                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24366.033896                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24670.002641                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24670.002641                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    835349000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    835349000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    858515000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    858515000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22366.033896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22366.033896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22670.055453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22670.055453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37613                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    514926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18838.296627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18838.296627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460258000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460258000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16838.296627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16838.296627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    395121000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    395121000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39452.920619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39452.920619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375091000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    375091000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37452.920619                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37452.920619                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     24206000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     24206000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46460.652591                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46460.652591                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     23166000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23166000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44464.491363                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44464.491363                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.900177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  751421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.977694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.900177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                803238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               803238                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               34187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              34187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         69042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             92382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            92382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1179646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    575768000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1755414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1179646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    575768000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1755414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          126569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         126569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.729894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17085.918716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24668.723222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19001.688641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17085.918716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24668.723222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19001.688641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1041562000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529090000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1570652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1041562000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529090000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1570652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15085.918716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22668.808912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17001.710290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15085.918716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22668.808912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17001.710290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    104383                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              34187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            92382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1179646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    575768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1755414000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         126569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17085.918716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24668.723222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19001.688641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1041562000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529090000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1570652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15085.918716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22668.808912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17001.710290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.239283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               104383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.390504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.728471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   285.681851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   144.828961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.557972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.282869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               250711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              250711                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               126569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              126568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19247                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        94986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       177398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  272384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3655424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5676736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9332160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           443495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            222804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           189345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9664575000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14463202000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  95456                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34403804                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   175976                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    31.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              460148417                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000312                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014463                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14463202000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            652474                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000312                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      694975                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           643                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      472532                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           243                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4048872                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6061                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14463191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14463191                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3363537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1972769                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       509050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  63234                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         63234                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                79565                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               25875                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       82521                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5483861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5483861                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10862383                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4428448                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      694692                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1167218                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     472526                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22861      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4286929     77.50%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4149      0.08%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     27900      0.50%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1335      0.02%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4636      0.08%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     3786      0.07%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   12406      0.22%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   689977     12.47%     91.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  438523      7.93%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4715      0.09%     99.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34003      0.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5531303                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       101319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        27668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          128987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       101319                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        27668                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         128987                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4976                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6289                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11265                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297986000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    371003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    668989000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297986000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    371003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    668989000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       140252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       140252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.185205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.185205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59884.646302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58992.367626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59386.506880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59884.646302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58992.367626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59386.506880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288034000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    358425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    646459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288034000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    358425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    646459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.185205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.185205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57884.646302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56992.367626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57386.506880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57884.646302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56992.367626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57386.506880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       101319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        27668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         128987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    371003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    668989000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       140252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.185205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59884.646302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58992.367626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59386.506880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    358425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    646459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.185205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57884.646302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56992.367626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57386.506880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7697.363219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3545.607329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4151.755890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.031675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.058726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6694                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.085945                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           174554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          174554                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2801174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2801174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2801174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2801174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20178.752035                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20178.752035                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20178.752035                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20178.752035                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2523538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2523538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2523538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2523538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18178.752035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18178.752035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18178.752035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18178.752035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     138562                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2801174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2801174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20178.752035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20178.752035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2523538000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2523538000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18178.752035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18178.752035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.258765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4021670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                138562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 29.024336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.258765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4187690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4187690                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        22530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        22530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  22530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       720960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       720960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  720960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           59961750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          318464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          402496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              720960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       318464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         318464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22018914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           27828969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               49847883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22018914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22018914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22018914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          27828969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              49847883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4976.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6289.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26244                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11265                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11265                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      82387250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    56325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                293606000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7313.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26063.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8242                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11265                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     238.491565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    149.398026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    272.810740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1226     40.56%     40.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          929     30.73%     71.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          293      9.69%     80.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          142      4.70%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           97      3.21%     88.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           59      1.95%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      1.36%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      1.06%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          204      6.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  720960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   720960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         49.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      49.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14419879000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1280060.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       318464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       402496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22018913.930677317083                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 27828968.993173159659                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4976                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6289                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    132129000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    161477000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26553.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25676.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11623920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6178260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             41697600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1141386480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1953702930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3908646240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7063235430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         488.359039                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10141432000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    482820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3838950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9960300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5294025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             38734500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1141386480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1684050750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4135721760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7015147815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.034214                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10734789750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    482820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3245592250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1296534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1296534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1333787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1333787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23560.922423                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23560.922423                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23853.831709                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23853.831709                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1186478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1186478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1221959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1221959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21560.958767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21560.958767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21853.867477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21853.867477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      55658                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    741923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    741923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18374.436574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18374.436574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    661169000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    661169000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16374.486106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16374.486106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    554611000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    554611000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37854.822196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37854.822196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    525309000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    525309000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35854.822196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35854.822196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37253000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     37253000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42046.275395                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42046.275395                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     35481000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35481000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40046.275395                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40046.275395                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.265078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1134987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 55658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.392163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.265078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1223321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1223321                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           32523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        106295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            140253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           140253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1669869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    799866000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2469735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1669869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    799866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2469735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          194733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         194733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15709.760572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23554.567407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17609.142050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15709.760572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23554.567407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17609.142050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1457279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731952000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2189231000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1457279000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2189231000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13709.760572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21554.626303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15609.156310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13709.760572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21554.626303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15609.156310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    158152                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           140253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1669869000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    799866000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2469735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         194733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15709.760572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23554.567407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17609.142050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1457279000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731952000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2189231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13709.760572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21554.626303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15609.156310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.155238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 220306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               158152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.393002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.289140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   297.521393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   139.344705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.143143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.581096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.272158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381250                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               194733                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              194732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         27853                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       277636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  417318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5361088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8884352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 14245440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           694090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            333998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           279570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14463202000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18877574000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  98957                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34405244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   185017                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              466974867                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000317                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7479360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018878                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18877574000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            895267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000317                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7479360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      932194                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           700                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613152                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           268                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5407681                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6266                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18877563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18877563                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4638479                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2621310                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       700707                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  94269                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         94269                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               128788                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               49951                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      108952                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7403974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7403974                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14593195                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5969375                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      931116                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1544257                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613141                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30375      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5827617     77.91%     78.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5114      0.07%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29856      0.40%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2403      0.03%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    10184      0.14%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7628      0.10%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   21938      0.29%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   9      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  48      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   3      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923132     12.34%     91.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  574235      7.68%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7984      0.11%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38906      0.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7479471                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   100                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       128306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        34141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          162447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       128306                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        34141                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         162447                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         12288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5162                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7126                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        12288                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    727251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    727251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       133468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       174735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       133468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       174735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.172680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.172680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59855.482371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58697.305641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59183.837891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59855.482371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58697.305641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59183.837891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        12288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        12288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298650000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    702675000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298650000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    702675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.172680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.172680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57855.482371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56697.305641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57183.837891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57855.482371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56697.305641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57183.837891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       128306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        34141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         162447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        12288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418277000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    727251000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       133468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       174735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.172680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59855.482371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58697.305641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59183.837891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    702675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.172680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57855.482371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56697.305641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57183.837891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28406                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28406                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28406                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28406                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8632.878645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3885.383672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4747.494973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.029643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.036221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.065864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          613                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.093750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           215429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          215429                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5230267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5230267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5230267                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5230267                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         177414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             177414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        177414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            177414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3500727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3500727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3500727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3500727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5407681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5407681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5407681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5407681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19731.965910                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19731.965910                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19731.965910                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19731.965910                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        177414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       177414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3145901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3145901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3145901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3145901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17731.977183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17731.977183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17731.977183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17731.977183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     177157                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5230267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5230267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        177414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            177414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3500727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3500727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5407681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5407681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19731.965910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19731.965910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       177414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3145901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3145901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17731.977183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17731.977183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.665939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5387276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                177157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.409614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.665939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5585094                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5585094                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        24576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        24576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  24576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       786432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       786432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  786432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            12288000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           65379500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          330368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          456064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              786432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       330368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         330368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           17500554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24159037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               41659590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      17500554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          17500554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          17500554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24159037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              41659590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5162.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7126.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29424                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12288                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12288                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      87406250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    61440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                317806250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7113.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25863.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9075                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12288                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     244.765640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    151.835182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    280.098606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1292     40.21%     40.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          975     30.35%     70.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          312      9.71%     80.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          149      4.64%     84.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          108      3.36%     88.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           62      1.93%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           42      1.31%     91.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           33      1.03%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          240      7.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  786432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   786432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         41.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      41.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18828229000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1532245.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       330368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       456064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 17500553.831758253276                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24159036.537216063589                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5162                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7126                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    136916000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    180890250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26523.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25384.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12187980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6478065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             44482200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1489887360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2113292670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5469373920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9135702195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         483.944716                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14197114000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    630240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4050220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10752840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5715270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             43254120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1489887360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1863681120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5679573120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9092863830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         481.675444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14746413250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    630240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3500920750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1473219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1473219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1476353                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1476353                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          67825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              67825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         68882                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             68882                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1560088000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1560088000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1603553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1603553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1541044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1541044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1545235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1545235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.044577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23001.666052                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23001.666052                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23279.710229                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23279.710229                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           34470                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 34470                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         67825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        68882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1424438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1465789000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465789000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21001.666052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21001.666052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21279.710229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21279.710229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68626                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          877767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              877767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    920019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    920019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       928002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          928002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.054132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18314.302777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18314.302777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    819549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    819549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16314.302777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16314.302777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         595452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             595452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        17590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            17590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    640069000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    640069000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028693                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028693                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36388.231950                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36388.231950                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    604889000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    604889000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028693                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028693                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34388.231950                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34388.231950                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3134                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3134                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1057                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43465000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     43465000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4191                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4191                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.252207                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.252207                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41121.097446                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41121.097446                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41351000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41351000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.252207                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252207                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39121.097446                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39121.097446                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.436934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1529142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.282255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.436934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1614117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1614117                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           43945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           27615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               71560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          43945                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          27615                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              71560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        133469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            174736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       133469                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           174736                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2033734000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    940496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2974230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2033734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    940496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2974230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          246296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         246296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.709455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.709455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15237.500843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22790.510577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17021.277813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15237.500843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22790.510577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17021.277813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          28406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                28406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       174736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       174736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1766798000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    857962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2624760000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1766798000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    857962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2624760000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13237.515828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20790.510577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15021.289259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13237.515828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20790.510577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15021.289259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    197050                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          43945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          27615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              71560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       133469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           174736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2033734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    940496000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2974230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         246296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.709455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15237.500843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22790.510577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17021.277813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       174736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1766798000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    857962000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2624760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13237.515828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20790.510577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15021.289259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34470                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34470                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34470                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34470                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.586621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 279613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               197050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.418995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.610298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   294.417820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   144.558503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.139864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.575035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.282341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               478328                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              478328                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               246296                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              246295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         34470                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       172234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       354827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  527061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6614528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11354432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 17968960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           887065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            418646000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           344410000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18877574000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23334265000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 102920                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34405376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   192927                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              480309944                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000013                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9372687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023334                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23334265000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1124032                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000013                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9372687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1156885                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           718                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      762240                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           285                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6753221                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          7668                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23334254                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23334254                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5883195                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3269649                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       883863                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 112220                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        112220                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               155283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               62824                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      137207                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9281500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9281500                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18293905                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7472332                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1155774                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1917920                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     762146                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 36089      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7327257     78.18%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5407      0.06%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     31564      0.34%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2622      0.03%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14586      0.16%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       36      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    10702      0.11%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   26537      0.28%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   9      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  48      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   3      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1144402     12.21%     91.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  721228      7.69%     99.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11372      0.12%     99.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              40918      0.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9372813                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   295                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       159365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        39671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          199036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       159365                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        39671                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         199036                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         12704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7538                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        12704                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309358000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    753646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    753646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       164531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       211740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       164531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       211740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.159673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.159673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59883.468835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58939.771823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59323.520151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59883.468835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58939.771823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59323.520151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        12704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        12704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    429212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    728238000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    429212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    728238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.159673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.159673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57883.468835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56939.771823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57323.520151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57883.468835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56939.771823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57323.520151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       159365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        39671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         199036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        12704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309358000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    753646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       164531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       211740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.159673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59883.468835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58939.771823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59323.520151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    429212000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    728238000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.159673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57883.468835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56939.771823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57323.520151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32049                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32049                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32049                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32049                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9355.761511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  4129.812397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5225.949113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.039871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.071379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12704                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.096924                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           256493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          256493                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6529539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6529539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6529539                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6529539                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         223682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             223682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        223682                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            223682                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4320261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4320261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4320261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4320261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6753221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6753221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6753221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6753221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19314.298871                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19314.298871                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19314.298871                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19314.298871                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       223682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        223682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       223682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       223682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3872897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3872897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3872897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3872897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17314.298871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17314.298871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17314.298871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17314.298871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     223426                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6529539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6529539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        223682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            223682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4320261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4320261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6753221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6753221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19314.298871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19314.298871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       223682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       223682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3872897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3872897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17314.298871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17314.298871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.920736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6616509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                223426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 29.613872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.920736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6976903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6976903                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12704                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12704                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        25408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       813056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       813056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  813056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            12704000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           67609250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          330624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          482432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              813056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       330624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         330624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           14169034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20674832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               34843866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      14169034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          14169034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          14169034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20674832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              34843866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5166.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7538.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                31400                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12704                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12704                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      92123500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    63520000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                330323500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7251.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26001.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9308                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12704                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     239.415783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    147.577719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    278.811562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1433     42.20%     42.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1000     29.45%     71.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          314      9.25%     80.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          151      4.45%     85.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          108      3.18%     88.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           64      1.88%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           42      1.24%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           33      0.97%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          251      7.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  813056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   813056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         34.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      34.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23326284000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1836136.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       330624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       482432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 14169034.250703847036                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20674831.626365777105                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7538                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    137166000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    193157500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26551.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25624.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12195120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6481860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             44489340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1841461440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2180954520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7123764480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11209346760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         480.381394                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18497545000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    778960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4057760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12052320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6405960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             46217220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1841461440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2246779260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7068333120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11221249320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         480.891484                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18352693500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    778960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4202611500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1835735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1835735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1839054                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1839054                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          78769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              78769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         79945                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             79945                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1766522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1766522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1818521000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1818521000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1914504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1914504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1918999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1918999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.041143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22426.614531                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22426.614531                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22747.151166                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22747.151166                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           39553                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 39553                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        78769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         78769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1608986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1608986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1658633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1658633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20426.639922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20426.639922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20747.176184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20747.176184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      79688                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1094244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1094244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         58137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             58137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1058103000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1058103000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1152381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1152381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.050449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18200.165127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18200.165127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        58137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    941831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    941831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16200.199529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16200.199529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         741491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             741491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20632                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20632                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    708419000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    708419000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       762123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         762123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027072                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.027072                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34335.934471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34335.934471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    667155000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    667155000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027072                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027072                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32335.934471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32335.934471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3319                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3319                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1176                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1176                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     51999000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     51999000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4495                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4495                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.261624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.261624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44216.836735                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44216.836735                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1176                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     49647000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49647000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.261624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42216.836735                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42216.836735                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.544476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1885634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 79688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.662710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.544476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1998943                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1998943                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           59151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           32735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               91886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          59151                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          32735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              91886                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        164531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         47210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            211741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       164531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        47210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           211741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2437929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1042929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3480858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2437929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1042929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3480858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       223682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        79945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          303627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       223682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        79945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         303627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.735558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.590531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.697372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.735558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.590531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.697372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14817.444737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22091.273035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16439.225280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14817.444737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22091.273035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16439.225280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          32049                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                32049                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       164531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       211741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       164531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       211741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2108867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    948511000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3057378000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2108867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    948511000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3057378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.735558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.590531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.697372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.735558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.590531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.697372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12817.444737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20091.315399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14439.234725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12817.444737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20091.315399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14439.234725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    237282                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          59151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          32735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              91886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       164531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        47210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           211741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2437929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1042929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3480858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       223682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         303627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.735558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.590531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.697372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14817.444737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22091.273035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16439.225280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       164531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       211741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2108867000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    948511000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3057378000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.735558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.590531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.697372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12817.444737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20091.315399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14439.234725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        39553                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        39553                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        39553                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39553                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.856567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 339199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               237282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.429518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.682702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   296.131522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   142.042343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.141958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.578382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.277426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               580974                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              580974                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               303627                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              303626                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         39553                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       199442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       447364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  646806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7647808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14315648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 21963456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1118410000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501392000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           399720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23334265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27981519000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109354                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34405376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   205460                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              509976646                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000019                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11273196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027982                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27981519000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1346530                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000019                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11273196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1387001                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           720                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      920492                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           312                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8094666                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          9344                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27981508                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27981508                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7059549                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3887292                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1056727                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 132603                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        132603                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               185468                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               77605                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      167962                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11163661                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11163661                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22035974                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8978129                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1385873                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2306140                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     920267                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 43092      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8816025     78.20%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5759      0.05%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     33573      0.30%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2831      0.03%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19792      0.18%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       78      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14332      0.13%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   31620      0.28%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   9      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  48      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   3      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1370489     12.16%     91.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  877367      7.78%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               15384      0.14%     99.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              42900      0.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11273335                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   420                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       194153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        45253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          239406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       194153                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        45253                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         239406                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         8362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8362                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13528                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309358000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    496804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    806162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    496804000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    806162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       199319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        53615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       252934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       199319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        53615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       252934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.155964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.155964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59883.468835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59412.102368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59592.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59883.468835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59412.102368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59592.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480080000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    779106000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480080000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    779106000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.155964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.155964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57883.468835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57412.102368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57592.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57883.468835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57412.102368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57592.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       194153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        45253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         239406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309358000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    496804000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    806162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       199319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        53615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       252934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.155964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59883.468835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59412.102368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59592.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    779106000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.155964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57883.468835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57412.102368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57592.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9982.237133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  4301.905520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5680.331613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.032821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.043337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.076158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13528                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1668                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103210                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           302424                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          302424                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7817640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7817640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7817640                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7817640                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         277026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             277026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        277026                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            277026                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5260367000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5260367000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5260367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5260367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8094666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8094666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8094666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8094666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18988.712251                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18988.712251                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18988.712251                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18988.712251                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       277026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        277026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       277026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       277026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4706317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4706317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4706317000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4706317000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16988.719470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16988.719470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16988.719470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16988.719470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     276769                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7817640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7817640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        277026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            277026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5260367000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5260367000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8094666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8094666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18988.712251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18988.712251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       277026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       277026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4706317000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4706317000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16988.719470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16988.719470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.099983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7848071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                276769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 28.356033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.099983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8371691                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8371691                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13528                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13528                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        27056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        27056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  27056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       865792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       865792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  865792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13528000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           72018250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          330624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          535168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              865792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       330624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         330624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11815799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19125767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               30941565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11815799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11815799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11815799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19125767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              30941565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5166.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8362.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34242                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13528                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13528                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     101708500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    67640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                355358500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7518.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26268.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9794                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13528                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     231.867167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    141.901683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    277.000070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1664     44.56%     44.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1075     28.79%     73.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          314      8.41%     81.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          155      4.15%     85.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          110      2.95%     88.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           67      1.79%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           43      1.15%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           33      0.88%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          273      7.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  865792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   865792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         30.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      30.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27974435000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2067891.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       330624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       535168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11815798.849233310670                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19125766.546126391739                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8362                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    137166000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    218192500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26551.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26093.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14394240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7650720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             49480200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2208401520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2785855620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8398920000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13464702300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.199834                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21805895250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    934180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5241443750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12266520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6519810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             47109720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2208401520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2371939860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8747480640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13393718070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         478.663009                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  22716842750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    934180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4330496250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2211422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2211422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2214974                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2214974                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          91013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              91013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         92380                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             92380                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2015824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2015824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2081757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2081757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2302435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2302435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2307354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2307354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22148.747981                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22148.747981                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22534.715306                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22534.715306                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           45180                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 45180                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        91013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         91013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        92380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1833798000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833798000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1896997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1896997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20148.747981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20148.747981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20534.715306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20534.715306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      92124                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1315090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1315090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         66983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             66983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1210363000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1210363000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1382073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1382073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18069.704253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18069.704253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1076397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1076397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16069.704253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16069.704253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         896332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             896332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        24030                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            24030                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    805461000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    805461000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       920362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         920362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.026109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33518.976280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33518.976280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    757401000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    757401000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026109                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026109                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31518.976280                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31518.976280                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3552                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3552                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1367                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1367                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     65933000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     65933000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4919                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4919                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.277902                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.277902                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48231.894660                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48231.894660                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1367                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1367                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     63199000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63199000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.277902                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.277902                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46231.894660                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46231.894660                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.620131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2284601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 92124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.799195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.620131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2399734                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2399734                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           77706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           38765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              116471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          77706                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          38765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             116471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        199320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         53615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            252935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       199320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        53615                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           252935                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2890173000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1177075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4067248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2890173000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1177075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4067248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       277026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        92380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          369406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       277026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        92380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         369406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.580375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.684707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.580375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.684707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14500.165563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21954.210575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16080.210331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14500.165563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21954.210575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16080.210331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       199320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        53615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       252935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       199320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        53615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       252935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2491535000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1069845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3561380000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2491535000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1069845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3561380000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.580375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.684707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.580375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.684707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12500.175597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19954.210575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14080.218238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12500.175597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19954.210575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14080.218238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    281805                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          77706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          38765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             116471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       199320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        53615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           252935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2890173000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1177075000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4067248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       277026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        92380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         369406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.580375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.684707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14500.165563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21954.210575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16080.210331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       199320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        53615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       252935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2491535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1069845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3561380000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.580375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.684707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12500.175597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19954.210575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14080.218238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        45180                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        45180                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        45180                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        45180                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.046472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 411528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               281805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.460329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    74.606979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   291.884662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   144.554831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.145717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.570087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.282334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               696903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              696903                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               369406                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              369405                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         45180                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       229940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       554051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  783991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8803840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     17729600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 26533440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1385125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            595306000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           461900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27981519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                32611565000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 119960                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34405376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   225730                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    58.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              558866635                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13172048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.032612                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 32611565000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1568433                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13172048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1617163                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           726                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1078811                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           339                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9436689                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                         10576                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         32611565                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   32611565                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8236806                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4504830                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1229286                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 152304                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        152304                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               214721                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               91998                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      198522                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13044367                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13044367                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25779334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10483188                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1616021                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2694495                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1078474                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 50222      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10303208     78.22%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     6110      0.05%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35589      0.27%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3006      0.02%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    24982      0.19%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      108      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    17942      0.14%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36445      0.28%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   9      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  48      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   3      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1596659     12.12%     91.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1033866      7.85%     99.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               19362      0.15%     99.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              44608      0.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13172200                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   520                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       228591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        50585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          279176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       228591                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        50585                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         279176                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         9193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9193                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14359                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309358000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    547642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    857000000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    547642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    857000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       233757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        59778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       293535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       233757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        59778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       293535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.022100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.153786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.022100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.153786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59883.468835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59571.630588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59683.821993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59883.468835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59571.630588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59683.821993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    828282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529256000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    828282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.022100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.153786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.022100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.153786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57883.468835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57571.630588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57683.821993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57883.468835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57571.630588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57683.821993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       228591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        50585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         279176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309358000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    547642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    857000000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       233757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        59778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       293535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.022100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.153786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59883.468835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59571.630588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59683.821993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    828282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.022100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.153786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57883.468835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57571.630588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57683.821993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        39310                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        39310                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        39310                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39310                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        10547.747803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             332845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            14359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            23.180235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  4424.585839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  6123.161964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.033757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.046716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.080473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.109550                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           347204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          347204                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9106661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9106661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9106661                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9106661                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         330028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             330028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        330028                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            330028                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6193953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6193953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6193953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6193953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9436689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9436689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9436689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9436689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18767.962112                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18767.962112                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18767.962112                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18767.962112                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       330028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        330028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       330028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       330028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5533897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5533897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5533897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5533897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16767.962112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16767.962112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16767.962112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16767.962112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     329772                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9106661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9106661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        330028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            330028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6193953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6193953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9436689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9436689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18767.962112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18767.962112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       330028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       330028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5533897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5533897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16767.962112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16767.962112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.227764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9436689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                330028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 28.593601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.227764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9766717                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9766717                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        28718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       918976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       918976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  918976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14359000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           76463000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          330624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          588352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              918976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       330624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         330624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10138244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           18041207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               28179451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10138244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10138244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10138244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          18041207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              28179451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5166.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9193.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                37094                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14359                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14359                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     109252500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    71795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                378483750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7608.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26358.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10288                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14359                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     225.737165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    137.679483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    275.043531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1881     46.20%     46.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1161     28.52%     74.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          319      7.84%     82.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          157      3.86%     86.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          111      2.73%     89.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           71      1.74%     90.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           44      1.08%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           33      0.81%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          294      7.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  918976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   918976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         28.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      28.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    32559549000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2267535.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       330624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       588352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10138243.902124905959                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 18041207.160711236298                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5166                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9193                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    137166000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    241317750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26551.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26250.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15543780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8261715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             51800700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2574112320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3138801330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9879639840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         15668159685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         480.447954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  25651738000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1088880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5870947000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13523160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7187730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             50722560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2574112320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2717951520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       10234039680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15597536970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         478.282381                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  26577580750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1088880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4945104250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2587979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2587979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2591735                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2591735                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         102584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             102584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        104087                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            104087                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2256052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2256052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2331232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2331232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2690563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2690563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2695822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2695822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21992.240505                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21992.240505                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22396.956392                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22396.956392                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           50242                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 50242                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       102584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        102584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       104087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       104087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2050884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2050884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2123058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2123058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19992.240505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19992.240505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20396.956392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20396.956392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     103831                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1536542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1536542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         75353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             75353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1355281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1355281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1611895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1611895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.046748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17985.760355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17985.760355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1204575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1204575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15985.760355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15985.760355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1051437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1051437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        27231                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            27231                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    900771000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    900771000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1078668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1078668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.025245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33078.880687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33078.880687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    846309000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    846309000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31078.880687                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31078.880687                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3756                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3756                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1503                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1503                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     75180000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     75180000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5259                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          5259                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.285796                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.285796                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50019.960080                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50019.960080                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1503                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1503                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72174000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72174000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.285796                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285796                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48019.960080                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48019.960080                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.674063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2695822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                104087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.899699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.674063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2799909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2799909                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           96271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           44309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              140580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          96271                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          44309                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             140580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        233757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         59778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            293535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       233757                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        59778                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           293535                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3337867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1306370000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4644237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3337867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1306370000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4644237000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       330028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       104087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          434115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       330028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       104087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         434115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.708294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.574308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.676169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.708294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.574308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.676169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14279.217307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21853.691994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15821.748684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14279.217307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21853.691994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15821.748684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          39310                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                39310                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       233757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       293535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       233757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       293535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2870353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1186814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4057167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2870353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1186814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4057167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.708294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.574308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.676169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.708294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.574308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.676169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12279.217307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19853.691994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13821.748684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12279.217307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19853.691994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13821.748684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    325163                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          96271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          44309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             140580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       233757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        59778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           293535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3337867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1306370000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4644237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       330028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       104087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         434115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.708294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.574308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.676169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14279.217307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21853.691994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15821.748684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       233757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       293535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2870353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1186814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4057167000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.708294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.574308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.676169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12279.217307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19853.691994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13821.748684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        50242                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        50242                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        50242                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        50242                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.181850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 484357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               325675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.487240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.996606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   289.297574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   145.887670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.148431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.565034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.284937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               810032                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              810032                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               434115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              434115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         50242                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       258416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       660056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  918472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9877056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     21121792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 30998848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1650140000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            685325000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           520435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  32611565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
