
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3750125000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115542                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34375440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   201707                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              430712236                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1005967                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003750                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3750125000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            175664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1005967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      242818                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      109650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1318966                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           197                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3750114                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3750114                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               790039                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614436                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       125681                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 228755                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        228755                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               298240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              191100                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1632283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1632283                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3379522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1419325                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      242790                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        352409                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     109619                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13820      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1218945     69.41%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11643      0.66%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     73003      4.16%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     141      0.01%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       26      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    11254      0.64%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      382      0.02%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3927      0.22%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               23154      1.32%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                7810      0.44%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 224      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              39488      2.25%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   149285      8.50%     88.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   77448      4.41%     92.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               93505      5.32%     98.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              32171      1.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1756226                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1008                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1709                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2717                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2205                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1926                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4131                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113342000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    245784000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    245784000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         6848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         6848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.686275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.529849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.603242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.686275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.529849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.603242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60064.399093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58848.390447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59497.458243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60064.399093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58848.390447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59497.458243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          384                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              384                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    128032000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    109490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    237522000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    128032000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    109490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    237522000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.686275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.529849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.603242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.686275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.529849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.603242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58064.399093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56848.390447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57497.458243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58064.399093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56848.390447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57497.458243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1646                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132442000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113342000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         6848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.686275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.529849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.603242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60064.399093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58848.390447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59497.458243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    128032000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    109490000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    237522000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.686275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.529849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.603242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58064.399093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56848.390447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57497.458243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2365.400192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.482989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   152.301122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1116.453755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1096.645315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.037183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.272572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.267736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.577490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2718                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2718                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.663574                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            13437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           13437                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    196513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    196513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    196513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    196513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53097.271008                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53097.271008                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53097.271008                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53097.271008                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    189111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    189111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51097.271008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51097.271008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51097.271008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51097.271008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3445                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    196513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    196513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53097.271008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53097.271008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    189111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51097.271008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51097.271008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.360671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  302775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 87.888244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.360671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.981878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1322667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1322667                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       288960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       288960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  288960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6051000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21949500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          141120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          123264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              264384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       141120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         141120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        24576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            24576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           384                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 384                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           37630746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32869304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               70500050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      37630746                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          37630746                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6553382                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6553382                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6553382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          37630746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32869304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              77053432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       383.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2205.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1924.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001308400500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            21                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            21                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9587                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 336                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4131                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         384                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4131                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       384                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      30767750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                108186500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7451.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26201.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3226                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      303                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4131                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   384                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     300.746331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    195.479086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    292.636825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           260     27.25%     27.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          291     30.50%     57.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          137     14.36%     72.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           67      7.02%     79.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           49      5.14%     84.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      3.88%     88.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      2.10%     90.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      1.78%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           76      7.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      174.047619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      63.109191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     488.037445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             18     85.71%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      4.76%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      4.76%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      4.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.857143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.831165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.963624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                11     52.38%     52.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      9.52%     61.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8     38.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  264256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    22656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   264384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 24576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         70.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          6.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      70.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     1481159000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      328052.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       141120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       123136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        22656                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 37630745.641811937094                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32835172.160927969962                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 6041398.620045998134                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2205                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1926                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          384                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     58969250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     49217250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  22745523500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26743.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25554.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  59233134.11                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3498600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1859550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14886900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              522000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      295641840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         410481510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1094379360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1821269760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.655747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2840727750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    125060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    784337250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3312960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1760880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14594160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1325880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      295641840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         405207870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1098820320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1820663910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.494193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2852887500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    125060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    772177500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    223195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    223195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    224026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    224026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33573.255114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33573.255114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33612.303076                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33612.303076                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    209901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    210698000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210698000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31573.555957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31573.555957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31612.603151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31612.603151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6408                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22151.887358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22151.887358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67267000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67267000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20151.887358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20151.887358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149252000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    149252000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45091.238671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45091.238671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142634000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142634000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43091.842900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43091.842900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       831000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       831000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48882.352941                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48882.352941                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       797000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       797000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46882.352941                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46882.352941                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.978882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  266173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.537609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.978882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                359112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               359112                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156745000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    326546000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156745000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    326546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.660718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52848.117025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43109.185919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47677.909184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52848.117025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43109.185919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47677.909184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    312850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    312850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50848.117025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41109.735974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45678.201197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50848.117025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41109.735974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45678.201197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8236                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156745000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    326546000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52848.117025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43109.185919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47677.909184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149475000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    312850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50848.117025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41109.735974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45678.201197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              498.950764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   109.677895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    87.418006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   301.854863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.214215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.170738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.589560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.974513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22635                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10366                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10365                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3521                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       651840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       236864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            18505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             27971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            33320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3750125000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7497290000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118358                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34402096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   218033                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              442434878                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2005601                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007497                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7497290000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            418358                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2005601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448446                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      218980                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2594285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           353                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7497279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7497279                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2001511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1301919                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       310647                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 272041                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        272041                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               357051                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              226164                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       78203                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3541298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3541298                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7032186                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2982030                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      447966                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        666797                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     218831                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21798      0.59%      0.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2802346     75.85%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12786      0.35%     76.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81041      2.19%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     474      0.01%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      146      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14328      0.39%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4812      0.13%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10968      0.30%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25788      0.70%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9641      0.26%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 236      0.01%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              43167      1.17%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   339209      9.18%     91.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  184003      4.98%     96.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108757      2.94%     99.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34828      0.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3694706                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6631                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3665                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10296                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5043                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2917                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7960                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    317323000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    175519000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    492842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    317323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    175519000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    492842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.443178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.436021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.443178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.436021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62923.458259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60171.066164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61914.824121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62923.458259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60171.066164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61914.824121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          951                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              951                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    307237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    476922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    307237000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    476922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.443178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.443178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60923.458259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58171.066164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59914.824121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60923.458259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58171.066164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59914.824121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4991                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    317323000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    175519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    492842000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.443178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.436021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62923.458259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60171.066164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61914.824121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    307237000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    476922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.443178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60923.458259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58171.066164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59914.824121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2785.285687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              10115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.026648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   173.584901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1298.694952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1313.005834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.042379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.317064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.320558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.680001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830566                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            31415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           31415                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    593496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    593496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    593496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    593496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37214.446953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37214.446953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37214.446953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37214.446953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35214.572360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35214.572360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35214.572360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35214.572360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15691                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    593496000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    593496000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37214.446953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37214.446953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    561602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35214.572360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35214.572360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.679420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2452660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                156.309987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.679420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2610232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2610232                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7960                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7960                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          951                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       570304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       570304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  570304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            12715000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           42624500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          322752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          186688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              509440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       322752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         322752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        60864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            60864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           43049155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24900731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               67949886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      43049155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          43049155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         8118133                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               8118133                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         8118133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          43049155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24900731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              76068019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       933.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5043.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2894.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005821829250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            54                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            54                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                18712                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 864                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7960                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         951                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7960                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       951                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      78748500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    39685000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                227567250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9921.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28671.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5352                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      736                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7960                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   951                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     204.966715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    138.436425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    222.691730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1182     42.76%     42.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          856     30.97%     73.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          332     12.01%     85.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          120      4.34%     90.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           76      2.75%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           54      1.95%     94.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      1.05%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      0.98%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           88      3.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           54                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      146.277778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      78.194062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     321.905554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             43     79.63%     79.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6     11.11%     90.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      3.70%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      1.85%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      1.85%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      1.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             54                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           54                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.944444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.917845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.959887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                26     48.15%     48.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      9.26%     57.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                23     42.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             54                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  507968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    58560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   509440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 60864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         67.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      67.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       8.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7468171000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      838084.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       322752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       185216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        58560                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 43049155.094707556069                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24704393.187405049801                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7810822.310461512767                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5043                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2917                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          951                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    149024250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     78543000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 178080550250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29550.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26925.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 187256099.11                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12066600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6413550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             31858680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1894860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      591283680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1242332100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1832784960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3718634430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.997144                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4745813750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    250120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2501356250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7668360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4075830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             24811500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2881440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      591283680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1023187620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2017327680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3671236110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.675084                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5234490500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    250120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2012679500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    406101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    408897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    408897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28875.213311                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28875.213311                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28844.314334                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28844.314334                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    377973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    380545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26875.213311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26875.213311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26844.314334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26844.314334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180217000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    180217000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21539.022350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21539.022350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19539.022350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19539.022350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225884000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    225884000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39649.640161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39649.640161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214490000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214490000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37649.640161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37649.640161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2796000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      2796000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24964.285714                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24964.285714                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2572000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2572000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22964.285714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22964.285714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.488055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  641150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 46.059626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.488055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                681571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               681571                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               11867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              11867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    458999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    714250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    458999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    714250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           30124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          30124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.606062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39314.689507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38780.158007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39121.980610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39314.689507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38780.158007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39121.980610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    677738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435651000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    677738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37314.860814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36780.158007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37122.090157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37314.860814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36780.158007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37122.090157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21520                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              11867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    458999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255251000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    714250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          30124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39314.689507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38780.158007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39121.980610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435651000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    677738000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37314.860814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36780.158007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37122.090157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.472806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  34798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.617007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    92.303808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   169.060071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   244.108926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.180281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.330195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.476775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59240                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                30124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               30123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   67331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1020608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2381248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            79735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             65544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            70880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7497290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11336029000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  83646                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34420176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   157504                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              316067761                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000028                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011336                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11336029000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            664460                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      697620                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      342414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3884533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           496                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11336018                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11336018                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3254303                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1920834                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       492688                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 294691                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        294691                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               386572                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              244092                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      123353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5479530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5479530                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10799401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4546091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      696568                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1038730                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     342162                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27846      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4364601     77.26%     77.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12970      0.23%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81801      1.45%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     634      0.01%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      258      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16254      0.29%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8906      0.16%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15855      0.28%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               26705      0.47%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9727      0.17%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 243      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              44129      0.78%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   579445     10.26%     91.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  306652      5.43%     97.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              117123      2.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              35510      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5649037                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   246                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        14201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           20236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        14201                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6035                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          20236                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7152                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3658                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10810                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    221398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    667645000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    221398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    667645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        31046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        31046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.334941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.348193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.334941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.348193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62394.714765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60524.330235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61761.794635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62394.714765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60524.330235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61761.794635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1463                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1463                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    646025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214082000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    646025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.334941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.334941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60394.714765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58524.330235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59761.794635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60394.714765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58524.330235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59761.794635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  7751                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        14201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          20236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    221398000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    667645000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        31046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.334941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.348193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62394.714765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60524.330235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61761.794635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431943000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    646025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.334941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60394.714765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58524.330235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59761.794635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3069.556156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              20481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.642369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   191.758169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1461.743693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1416.054293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.046816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.356871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.345716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.749403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3717                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.907471                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            48637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           48637                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    971212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    971212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    971212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    971212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32131.674717                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32131.674717                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32131.674717                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32131.674717                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    910760000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    910760000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    910760000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    910760000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30131.674717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30131.674717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30131.674717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30131.674717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29970                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    971212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    971212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32131.674717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32131.674717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    910760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    910760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30131.674717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30131.674717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.465242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3584451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                119.601301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.465242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3914759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3914759                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        23083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        23083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  23083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       785472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       785472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  785472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            18125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57871250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          457728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          234112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              691840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       457728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         457728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        93632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            93632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3658                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           40378161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20652029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               61030190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      40378161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          40378161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         8259682                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               8259682                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         8259682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          40378161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20652029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              69289872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1404.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7152.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3604.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005821829250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            81                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            81                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25831                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1299                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10810                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1463                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10810                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1463                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      54                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     59                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     105958000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    53780000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                307633000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9851.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28601.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7138                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1102                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10810                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1463                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     199.500386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    136.176804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    214.127342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1675     43.05%     43.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1226     31.51%     74.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          439     11.28%     85.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          177      4.55%     90.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          120      3.08%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           74      1.90%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           47      1.21%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      0.80%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          102      2.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           81                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      130.209877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      77.604421                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     267.050544                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             64     79.01%     79.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11     13.58%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      2.47%     95.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      2.47%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      1.23%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      1.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             81                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           81                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.987654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.960406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.968166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                38     46.91%     46.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      7.41%     54.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                37     45.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             81                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  688384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3456                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    88064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   691840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 93632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         60.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      61.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       8.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11335547000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      923616.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       457728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       230656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        88064                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 40378160.641614452004                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20347160.368061870337                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7768505.179371013306                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7152                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3658                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1463                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    207623000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    100010000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 253624160500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29030.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27340.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 173358961.38                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14144340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7517895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             35957040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2620440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      894301200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1637736540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2973888960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5566166415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.015541                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7708254250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    378300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3249474750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13644540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7248450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             40840800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4562280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      894301200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1955522940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2706279360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5622399570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         495.976110                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7016069500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    378300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3941659500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    551777000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    551777000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    555409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    555409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27592.988948                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27592.988948                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27565.090079                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27565.090079                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    511785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    511785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    515113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    515113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25593.088963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25593.088963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25565.189339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25565.189339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19892                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288686000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    288686000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21944.963892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21944.963892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262378000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262378000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19945.115926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19945.115926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263091000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    263091000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38452.353113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38452.353113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249407000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249407000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36452.353113                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36452.353113                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3632000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      3632000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23894.736842                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23894.736842                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3328000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3328000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21894.736842                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21894.736842                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.677311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  997705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 50.156093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.677311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1060146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1060146                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            8873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         21353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    709532000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1049623000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    709532000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1049623000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           50375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          50375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.616318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33228.679811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35082.628430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33807.549844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33228.679811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35082.628430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33807.549844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    666826000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    987531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    666826000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320705000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    987531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31228.679811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33082.834743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31807.614262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31228.679811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33082.834743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31807.614262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     35462                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    709532000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1049623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          50375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33228.679811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35082.628430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33807.549844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    666826000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320705000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    987531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31228.679811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33082.834743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31807.614262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.683121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                35462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.610738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.120756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   200.821088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   218.741277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.172111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.392229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.427229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                95484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               95484                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                50375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               50374                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        49432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        60452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  109884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1874112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1934464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3808576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           151130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             96050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           100740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11336029000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15542868000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  83545                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34436732                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   158161                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              324623441                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000105                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7572714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015543                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15542868000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            871669                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7572714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      972827                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           114                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      532043                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5195338                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           716                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15542857                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15542857                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4243397                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2453137                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       635436                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 316759                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        316759                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               422078                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              261358                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174575                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7387297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7387297                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14672249                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6053330                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      971535                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1503232                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     531697                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 31569      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5806697     76.68%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13871      0.18%     77.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81808      1.08%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     737      0.01%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.02%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19140      0.25%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11530      0.15%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18195      0.24%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               28324      0.37%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  18      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9762      0.13%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 251      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              45971      0.61%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  6      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   849078     11.21%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  493116      6.51%     97.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              122457      1.62%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38581      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7572751                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        25849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           34870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        25849                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9021                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          34870                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         9833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9833                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13961                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    617015000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249992000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    867007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    617015000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249992000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    867007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.275573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.313940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.285904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.275573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.313940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.285904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62749.415234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60560.077519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62102.070052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62749.415234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60560.077519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62102.070052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2169                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2169                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    597349000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241736000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    839085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    597349000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241736000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    839085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.275573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.313940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.275573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.313940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60749.415234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58560.077519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60102.070052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60749.415234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58560.077519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60102.070052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 10929                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        25849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          34870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    617015000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249992000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    867007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.275573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.313940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.285904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62749.415234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60560.077519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62102.070052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    597349000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241736000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    839085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.275573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.313940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60749.415234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58560.077519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60102.070052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3259.793942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              35507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            10929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.248879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   211.292347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1584.715067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1463.786528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.051585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.386893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.357370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.795848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.950684                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            71529                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           71529                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5144493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5144493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5144493                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5144493                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          50845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              50845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         50845                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             50845                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1503331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1503331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1503331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1503331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5195338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5195338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29566.938735                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29566.938735                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29566.938735                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29566.938735                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         50845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1401643000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1401643000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1401643000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1401643000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27566.978071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27566.978071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27566.978071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27566.978071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      50588                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5144493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5144493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         50845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             50845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1503331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1503331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5195338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29566.938735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29566.938735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1401643000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1401643000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27566.978071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27566.978071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.880640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5174532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 50588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                102.287736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.880640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5246182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5246182                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2169                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1032320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1032320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1032320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            24806000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           74816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          629312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          264192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              893504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       629312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         629312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       138816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           138816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             9833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           40488795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           16997635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               57486430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      40488795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          40488795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         8931170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               8931170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         8931170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          40488795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          16997635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              66417601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2092.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9833.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4041.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005821829250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           121                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           121                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                33833                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1948                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13961                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2169                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13961                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2169                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      87                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     77                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     142014750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    69370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                402152250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10236.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28986.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8941                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1646                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13961                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2169                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     190.624556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    128.590438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    211.589384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2567     47.97%     47.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1509     28.20%     76.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          553     10.33%     86.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          233      4.35%     90.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          152      2.84%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           98      1.83%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           66      1.23%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           45      0.84%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          128      2.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          121                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      114.280992                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      69.192981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     226.792535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            100     82.64%     82.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           12      9.92%     92.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      3.31%     95.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      1.65%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.83%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.83%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.83%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            121                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          121                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.066116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.038477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.972416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                53     43.80%     43.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 7      5.79%     49.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                61     50.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            121                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  887936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5568                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   132160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   893504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                138816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         57.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          8.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      57.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       8.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15542378000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      963569.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       629312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       258624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       132160                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 40488795.246797442436                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16639400.141595490277                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 8502935.236920239404                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9833                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4128                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2169                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    288902250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    113250000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 396819201750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29380.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27434.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 182950300.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              17057460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9066255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             43204140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4572720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1226821440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1980748860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4300462560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7581933435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         487.807877                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11153476250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    518960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3870431750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              21155820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11240790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             55856220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6206580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1226821440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3137220150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3326592000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7785093000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         500.878795                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8614621250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    518960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6409286750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1477008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1477008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1477866                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1477866                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    695230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    695230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    699228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    699228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1503811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1503811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1504833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1504833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25938.514345                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25938.514345                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25929.024363                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25929.024363                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11927                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11927                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    641624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    641624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    645294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    645294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23938.514345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23938.514345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23929.024363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23929.024363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      26711                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          952736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              952736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403588000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    403588000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       971805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          971805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21164.612722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21164.612722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    365450000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    365450000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19164.612722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19164.612722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         524272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             524272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291642000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    291642000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       532006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         532006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37709.076804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37709.076804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276174000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276174000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35709.076804                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35709.076804                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3998000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      3998000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24378.048780                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24378.048780                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3670000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3670000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22378.048780                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22378.048780                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.305971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 26711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 49.475759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.305971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1531800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1531800                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15162                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13818                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28980                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         35683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1061215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    412673000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1473888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1061215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    412673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1473888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           77812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          77812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29740.072303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31384.363830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30182.830931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29740.072303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31384.363830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30182.830931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1376226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1376226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27740.128352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29384.363830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28182.871887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27740.128352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29384.363830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28182.871887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54473                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1061215000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    412673000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1473888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          77812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29740.072303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31384.363830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30182.830931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1376226000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27740.128352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29384.363830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28182.871887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.851529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.631726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.607888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   220.326441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   203.917200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.165250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.430325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.398276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               144724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              144724                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                77812                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               77811                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  167550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2489216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3254016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5743232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           254220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            137447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           134835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15542868000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20071188000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89734                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34448396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   167768                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    55.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              360194766                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000221                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9348543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20071188000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1057085                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000221                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9348543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1236468                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           123                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      685261                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6535917                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1479                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20071177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20071177                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5186503                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2991952                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       765677                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 389390                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        389390                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               552091                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              323565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      214670                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9112910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9112910                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18193139                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7429793                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1235176                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1920052                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     684876                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 32836      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7125673     76.22%     76.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17353      0.19%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82207      0.88%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2241      0.02%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    22346      0.24%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11550      0.12%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20641      0.22%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               43801      0.47%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  90      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10558      0.11%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 374      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              57164      0.61%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 54      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1098197     11.75%     91.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636928      6.81%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136979      1.47%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              47948      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9348580                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        39969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           52711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        39969                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12742                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          52711                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        16181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         21257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        16181                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5076                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        21257                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1007235000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1307336000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1007235000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1307336000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        73968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        73968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.284880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.287381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.284880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.287381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62248.006922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59121.552403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61501.434821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62248.006922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59121.552403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61501.434821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3511                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3511                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        21257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        21257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    974873000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289949000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1264822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    974873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289949000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1264822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.284880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.284880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60248.006922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57121.552403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59501.434821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60248.006922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57121.552403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59501.434821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 18829                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        39969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          52711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        16181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        21257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1007235000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1307336000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        73968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.284880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.287381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62248.006922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59121.552403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61501.434821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    974873000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289949000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1264822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.284880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60248.006922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57121.552403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59501.434821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3413.347405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              54439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            18829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.891232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   216.322740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1796.698484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1400.326180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.052813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.438647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.341877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.833337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3942                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962402                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           108435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          108435                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6460262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6460262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6460262                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6460262                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          75655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              75655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         75655                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             75655                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2335401000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2335401000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2335401000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2335401000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6535917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6535917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30869.089948                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30869.089948                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30869.089948                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30869.089948                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2184093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2184093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2184093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2184093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28869.116384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28869.116384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28869.116384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28869.116384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      75398                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6460262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6460262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         75655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             75655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2335401000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2335401000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6535917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30869.089948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30869.089948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2184093000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2184093000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28869.116384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28869.116384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.133182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6517783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 75398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.445038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.133182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6611571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6611571                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               21257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              21257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3511                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        46025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        46025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  46025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1585152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1585152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1585152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            38812000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          113640750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1035584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          324864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1360448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1035584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1035584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       224704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           224704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            16181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                21257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           51595551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           16185589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               67781140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      51595551                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          51595551                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        11195351                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              11195351                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        11195351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          51595551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          16185589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              78976491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3305.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     16181.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4726.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005821829250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           191                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           191                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                50363                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3095                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        21257                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3511                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      21257                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3511                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     350                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    206                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     209992250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   104535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                601998500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10044.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28794.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13906                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2656                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  21257                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3511                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    20905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7614                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     203.196217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    137.593325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    214.931454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3341     43.88%     43.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2185     28.70%     72.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          899     11.81%     84.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          436      5.73%     90.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          242      3.18%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          157      2.06%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          108      1.42%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           77      1.01%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          169      2.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7614                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      109.261780                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      71.735788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     185.424306                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            148     77.49%     77.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           31     16.23%     93.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7      3.66%     97.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      1.05%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.52%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.136126                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.108864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.963712                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                77     40.31%     40.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      5.76%     46.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               103     53.93%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1338048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    22400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   209472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1360448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                224704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         66.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         10.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      67.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      11.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20068587000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      810262.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1035584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       302464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       209472                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 51595550.796494953334                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 15069561.403141656891                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 10436452.491003522649                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        16181                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5076                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3511                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    467565000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    134433500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 501337961250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28895.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26484.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 142790646.90                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              22255380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              11825220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             59611860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6300540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1583927280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2832004530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5322490560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9838415370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         490.176036                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13801247250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    670020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5599920750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              32137140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              17069910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             89664120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            10784520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1583927280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4452707190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3957688320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10143978480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.400003                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10242747250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    670020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9158420750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1884634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1884634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1885676                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1885676                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          35805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              35805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         36016                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             36016                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    896888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    896888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    901916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    901916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1920439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1920439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1921692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1921692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25049.238933                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25049.238933                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25042.092403                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25042.092403                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         35805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    825278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    825278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    829884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    829884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23049.238933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23049.238933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23042.092403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23042.092403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      35760                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1209499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1209499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544523000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    544523000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1235215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1235215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21174.482812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21174.482812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    493091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    493091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19174.482812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19174.482812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         675135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             675135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    352365000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    352365000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       685224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         685224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34925.661612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34925.661612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    332187000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332187000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32925.661612                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32925.661612                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5028000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5028000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23829.383886                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23829.383886                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4606000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4606000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21829.383886                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21829.383886                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.688166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1875648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 35760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 52.451007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.688166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1957708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1957708                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               37702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18198                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              37702                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             73969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            73969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1704823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    521583000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2226406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1704823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    521583000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2226406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.662383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.662383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30361.400509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29272.814008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30099.176682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30361.400509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29272.814008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30099.176682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1592523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    485947000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2078470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1592523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    485947000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2078470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28361.436128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27272.814008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28099.203720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28361.436128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27272.814008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28099.203720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82989                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              37702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            73969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1704823000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    521583000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2226406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.662383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30361.400509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29272.814008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30099.176682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1592523000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    485947000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2078470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28361.436128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27272.814008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28099.203720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.561865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 127427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                82989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.535469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.172391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   261.842908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   169.546566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.152680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.511412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.331146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               211665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              211665                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16493                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       151309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3360576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4841856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8202432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           378270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            194136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           180080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20071188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24585889000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  99832                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34450076                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   185423                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    60.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              409072015                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000049                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11144204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024586                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24585889000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1247451                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11144204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1499697                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           123                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      840369                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7875164                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2162                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24585878                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24585878                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6149657                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3534842                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       899713                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 453624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        453624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               666884                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              379012                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      255140                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10863463                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10863463                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21752685                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8826434                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1498405                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2338374                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     839969                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34067      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8466597     75.97%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20821      0.19%     76.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82795      0.74%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3746      0.03%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    25164      0.23%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11568      0.10%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23219      0.21%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               57703      0.52%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 138      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11347      0.10%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 549      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              66413      0.60%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                100      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1348624     12.10%     91.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  784313      7.04%     98.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              149781      1.34%     99.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              55656      0.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11144241                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        53938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           71273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        53938                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17335                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          71273                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        21912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         27886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        21912                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5974                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        27886                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1359039000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350617000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1709656000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1359039000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350617000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1709656000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        99159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        99159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.256296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.281225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.256296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.281225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62022.590361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58690.492133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61308.757082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62022.590361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58690.492133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61308.757082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4692                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4692                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        27886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        27886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1315215000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    338669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1653884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1315215000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    338669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1653884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.256296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.256296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60022.590361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56690.492133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59308.757082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60022.590361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56690.492133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59308.757082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 26166                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        53938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          71273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        21912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        27886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1359039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1709656000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        99159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.256296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.281225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62022.590361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58690.492133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61308.757082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1315215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    338669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1653884000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.256296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60022.590361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56690.492133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59308.757082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3510.860754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              72385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            26166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.766376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.689652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1978.574029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1319.597072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.051926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.483050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.322167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.857144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3945                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1591                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.963135                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           145454                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          145454                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7775196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7775196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7775196                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7775196                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          99968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              99968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         99968                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             99968                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3119740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3119740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3119740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3119740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7875164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7875164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31207.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31207.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31207.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31207.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2919804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2919804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2919804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2919804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29207.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29207.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29207.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29207.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      99712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7775196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7775196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         99968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             99968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3119740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3119740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7875164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31207.386364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31207.386364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2919804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2919804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29207.386364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29207.386364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.292356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7847964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 99712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 78.706314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.292356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7975132                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7975132                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        60464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        60464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2084992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2084992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2084992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            51346000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          148963500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1402368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          382336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1784704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1402368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1402368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       300288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           300288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            21912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                27886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4692                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4692                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           57039548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           15551034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               72590582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      57039548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          57039548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        12213835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              12213835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        12213835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          57039548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          15551034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              84804418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4385.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     21912.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5458.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005821829250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           254                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           254                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                65589                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4131                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        27886                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4692                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      27886                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4692                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     516                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    307                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     271856250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   136850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                785043750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9932.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28682.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     18384                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3579                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  27886                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4692                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     207.860784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    141.744217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    214.471998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4072     41.68%     41.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2878     29.46%     71.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1230     12.59%     83.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          601      6.15%     89.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          329      3.37%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          205      2.10%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          148      1.51%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          103      1.05%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          203      2.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      107.641732                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      71.519932                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     168.890666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            195     76.77%     76.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           42     16.54%     93.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           11      4.33%     97.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.79%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.79%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.39%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.39%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.181102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.154636                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.948619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                95     37.40%     37.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                18      7.09%     44.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               141     55.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1751680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    33024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   279296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1784704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                300288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         71.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         11.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      72.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      12.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24585166000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      754655.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1402368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       349312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       279296                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 57039548.173344478011                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 14207824.659096118063                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 11360012.241168094799                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        21912                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5974                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4692                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    628358750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    156685000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 608137408750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28676.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26227.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 129611553.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              26653620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14166735                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             73099320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6879960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1940418480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3657626730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6360875040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12079719885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.327358                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16492052500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    820820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7273016500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              43111320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              22906620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            122322480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15900120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1940418480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5766092640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4585324800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12496076460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.262136                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11861634500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    820820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11903434500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2291464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2291464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2292695                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2292695                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47334                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47334                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1136699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1136699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1142463000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1142463000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2338555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2338555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2340029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2340029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24138.349154                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24138.349154                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24136.202307                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24136.202307                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           22117                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 22117                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1042519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1047797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22138.391625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22138.391625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22136.244560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22136.244560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47077                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1464255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1464255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         33968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             33968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    713177000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    713177000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1498223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1498223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20995.554640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20995.554640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    645241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    645241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18995.554640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18995.554640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         827209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             827209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    423522000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    423522000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       840332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         840332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32273.260687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32273.260687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397278000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    397278000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30273.413092                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30273.413092                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5764000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5764000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23720.164609                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23720.164609                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5278000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5278000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21720.164609                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21720.164609                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.929058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2270240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 48.223973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.929058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2387362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2387362                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           24118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           24024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               48142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          24118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          24024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              48142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         75850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             99160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            99160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2301265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    641686000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2942951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2301265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    641686000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2942951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          147302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         147302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30339.683586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27528.356928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29678.812021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30339.683586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27528.356928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29678.812021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16184                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16184                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2149565000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    595068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2744633000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2149565000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    595068000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2744633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28339.683586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25528.442728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27678.832190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28339.683586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25528.442728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27678.832190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    112206                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          24118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          24024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              48142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            99160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2301265000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    641686000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2942951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         147302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30339.683586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27528.356928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29678.812021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2149565000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    595068000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2744633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28339.683586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25528.442728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27678.832190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.009579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 168587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               112206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.502478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    74.863105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   287.088071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   148.058403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.146217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.560719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.289177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               282137                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              282137                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               147302                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              147301                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         22117                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       116784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       199936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  316720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4444800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6397952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10842752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           499840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           236665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24585889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                29074131000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 111660                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34451256                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   206074                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    62.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              463774164                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12918852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.029074                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29074131000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1431630                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12918852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1763992                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           127                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      993144                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            94                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9211082                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2769                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         29074131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   29074131                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7107748                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4091042                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1030030                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 508801                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        508801                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               763334                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              426035                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      293700                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12599985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12599985                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25296935                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10219316                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1762697                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2755419                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     992722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 35314      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9792212     75.80%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    24677      0.19%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     83341      0.65%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5023      0.04%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    27538      0.21%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11632      0.09%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25890      0.20%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               69160      0.54%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 180      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11987      0.09%     78.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 702      0.01%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              74035      0.57%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                140      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1601548     12.40%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929889      7.20%     98.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              161149      1.25%     99.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              62833      0.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12918890                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        67042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        22788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           89830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        67042                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        22788                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          89830                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        27158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         34250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        27158                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7092                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        34250                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1682303000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2096021000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1682303000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2096021000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       124080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       124080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.237349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.276032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.237349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.276032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61945.025407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58335.871404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61197.693431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61945.025407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58335.871404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61197.693431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5830                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5830                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        34250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        34250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1627987000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2027521000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1627987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2027521000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.237349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.237349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59945.025407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56335.871404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59197.693431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59945.025407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56335.871404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59197.693431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 33246                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        67042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        22788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          89830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        27158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        34250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1682303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2096021000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       124080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.237349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.276032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61945.025407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58335.871404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61197.693431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1627987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2027521000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.237349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59945.025407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56335.871404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59197.693431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3577.956014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             146024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            37195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.925904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   210.313197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2104.508782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1263.134035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.051346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.513796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.308382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.873524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3949                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          667                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2620                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964111                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           183219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          183219                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9088302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9088302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9088302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9088302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         122780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             122780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        122780                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            122780                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3848632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3848632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3848632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3848632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9211082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9211082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31345.756638                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31345.756638                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31345.756638                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31345.756638                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        122780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       122780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3603072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3603072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3603072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3603072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29345.756638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29345.756638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29345.756638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29345.756638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     122524                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9088302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9088302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        122780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            122780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3848632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3848632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9211082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31345.756638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31345.756638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       122780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3603072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3603072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29345.756638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29345.756638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.401596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9211082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                122780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 75.021029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.401596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9333862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9333862                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               34250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5830                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        74330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        74330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  74330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2565120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2565120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2565120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            63400000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          182867500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1738112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          453888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2192000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1738112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1738112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       373120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           373120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            27158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                34250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           59782079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           15611404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               75393483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      59782079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          59782079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        12833402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              12833402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        12833402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          59782079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          15611404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              88226885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5394.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     27158.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6423.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005821829250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           312                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           312                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                80272                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5077                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        34250                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5830                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      34250                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5830                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     669                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    436                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     331199000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   167905000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                960842750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9862.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28612.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     22717                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4423                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  34250                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5830                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    33579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        11809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     211.087814                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    144.626262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    214.299903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4738     40.12%     40.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3557     30.12%     70.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1530     12.96%     83.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          758      6.42%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          420      3.56%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          258      2.18%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          189      1.60%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          124      1.05%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          235      1.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         11809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      106.538462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      72.448470                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     156.518262                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            239     76.60%     76.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           53     16.99%     93.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           13      4.17%     97.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      0.96%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.64%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.32%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.32%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.205128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.178363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.953706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               115     36.86%     36.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                19      6.09%     42.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               177     56.73%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2149184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    42816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   343552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2192000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                373120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         73.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         11.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      75.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      12.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29073388000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      725383.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1738112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       411072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       343552                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 59782079.127317681909                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 14138754.482464153320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 11816415.080471364781                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        27158                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7092                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5830                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    776768500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    184074250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 710987630000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28601.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25955.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 121953281.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              30937620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              16443735                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             86622480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7245360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2295065760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4492675590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7381160640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14310151185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.195319                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19135848500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    970839750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8967442750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              53378640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              28371420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            153145860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            20775600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2295065760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7049125020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5228361120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14828223420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.014329                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13521074750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    970839750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14582216500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2695403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2695403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2696813                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2696813                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          59985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              59985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         60285                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             60285                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1416218000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1416218000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424018000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1424018000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2755388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2755388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2757098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2757098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23609.535717                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23609.535717                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23621.431534                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23621.431534                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28777                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28777                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1296248000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1296248000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1303448000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303448000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21609.535717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21609.535717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21621.431534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21621.431534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      60029                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1719081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1719081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         43201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             43201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    899987000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    899987000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1762282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1762282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20832.550172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20832.550172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    813585000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    813585000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18832.550172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18832.550172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         976322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             976322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    516231000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    516231000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       993106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         993106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30757.328408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30757.328408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482663000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    482663000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28757.328408                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28757.328408                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7800000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7800000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        26000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        26000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7200000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7200000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        24000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        24000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.094382                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2757098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 60285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.734395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.094382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2817383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2817383                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           30405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               58985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          30405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              58985                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         94200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         29880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            124080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           124080                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2852587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    787974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3640561000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2852587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    787974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3640561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          183065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         183065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.677792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.677792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30282.239915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26371.285141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29340.433591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30282.239915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26371.285141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29340.433591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21944                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21944                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       124080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       124080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2664187000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    728214000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3392401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2664187000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    728214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3392401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28282.239915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24371.285141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27340.433591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28282.239915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24371.285141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27340.433591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    142435                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          30405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              58985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           124080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2852587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    787974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3640561000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         183065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.677792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30282.239915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26371.285141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29340.433591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       124080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2664187000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    728214000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3392401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28282.239915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24371.285141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27340.433591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.316845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 211842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               142947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.481962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.210442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   302.768081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   134.338323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.142989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.591344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.262380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               354789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              354789                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               183065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              183065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  394907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5699968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7857920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13557888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           613900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            326950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           301425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29074131000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
