
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4941081000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 199552                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1322632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   445487                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     5.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              985950218                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2232530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004941                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4941081000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            216962                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2232530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      263485                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           105                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       79584                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           108                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1370173                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           419                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4941070                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4941070                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1518798                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              547151                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       156490                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 500168                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        500168                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               894107                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              456038                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       31544                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1832042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1832042                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3506430                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1456919                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      263330                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        342902                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      79572                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38784      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1545608     69.23%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      327      0.01%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       861      0.04%     71.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1833      0.08%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    18912      0.85%     71.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   138067      6.18%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       36      0.00%     78.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   115436      5.17%     83.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23832      1.07%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4878      0.22%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 152      0.01%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 725      0.03%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 104      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                104      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   166961      7.48%     92.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   56348      2.52%     94.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               96369      4.32%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23224      1.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2232561                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    62                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1356280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1356280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1356280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1356280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    699493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    699493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    699493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    699493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1370173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1370173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50348.592817                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50348.592817                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50348.592817                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50348.592817                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    671707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    671707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48348.592817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48348.592817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48348.592817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48348.592817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13637                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1356280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1356280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    699493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    699493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1370173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50348.592817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50348.592817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    671707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48348.592817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48348.592817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.753185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1335370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 97.922564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.753185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1384066                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1384066                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        40905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        40905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  40905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1449408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1449408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1449408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            40203000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           97805750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          504320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          664192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1168512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       504320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         504320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       280896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           280896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4389                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4389                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          102066734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          134422407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              236489141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     102066734                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         102066734                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        56849098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              56849098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        56849098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         102066734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         134422407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             293338239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4035.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7880.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10099.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004244512750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           240                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           240                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                41430                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3783                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18258                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4389                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18258                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4389                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     279                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    354                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     195038750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    89895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                532145000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10848.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29598.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11971                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3189                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18258                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4389                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    17968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     205.911821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    137.146439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    224.287682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3047     44.63%     44.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1886     27.63%     72.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          822     12.04%     84.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          371      5.43%     89.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          198      2.90%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          128      1.87%     94.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          119      1.74%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           66      0.97%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          190      2.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       74.858333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      48.778572                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     179.505285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            227     94.58%     94.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      2.08%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      1.25%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.83%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.42%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.737500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.710242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.969110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               147     61.25%     61.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                14      5.83%     67.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                74     30.83%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1150656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    17856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   257088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1168512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                280896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        232.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         52.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     236.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      56.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4940971000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      218173.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       504320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       646336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       257088                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 102066733.979872018099                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 130808622.647554248571                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 52030719.593546435237                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4389                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    243094250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    289050750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 122518699000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30849.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27852.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  27914946.23                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              25332720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13457070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             73270680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10998540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      389681760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2084312160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         142164960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2739217890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         554.376237                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    351785250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    164840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4424455750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              23476320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12451395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             55099380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9970200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      389681760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1514834850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         621724800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2627238705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         531.713345                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1601412250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    164840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3174828750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           322523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               322523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          328108                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              328108                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          12247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              12247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14930                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14930                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    680261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    680261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    835491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    835491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       334770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           334770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       343038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          343038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.043523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55545.113089                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55545.113089                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55960.549230                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55960.549230                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    655769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    655769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    805633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    805633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53545.276394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53545.276394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53960.683188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53960.683188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14673                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          247444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              247444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    420165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          255217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54054.419143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54054.419143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    404619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52054.419143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52054.419143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          75079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              75079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260096000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    260096000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          79553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.056239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58135.002235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58135.002235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251150000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    251150000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056239                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056239                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56135.449262                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56135.449262                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2683                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155230000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    155230000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.324504                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.324504                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57856.876631                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57856.876631                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149864000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149864000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.324504                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324504                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55856.876631                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55856.876631                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.875689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  337710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.015743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.875689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.968264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.968264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                357967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               357967                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10564                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561423000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    704866000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1266289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    704866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1266289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           28823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          28823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.633487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.633487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71246.573604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67912.708353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69351.497891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71246.573604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67912.708353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69351.497891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    545663000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1229773000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    545663000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1229773000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69246.573604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65912.901050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67351.607426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69246.573604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65912.901050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67351.607426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     20860                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    704866000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1266289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          28823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.633487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71246.573604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67912.708353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69351.497891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    545663000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1229773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69246.573604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65912.901050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67351.607426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.186449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  33383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.600336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.194032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   136.597690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   258.394727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.207410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.266792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.504677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.978880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                55652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               55652                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                28823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               28822                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   63102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1304704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2193856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             56108000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            74645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4941081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9793267000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 194539                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1328604                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   414350                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              952519132                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000091                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4260094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009793                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9793267000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            445671                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000091                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4260094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      518797                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      259180                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           173                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2658065                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9793256                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    9793256                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2591342                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1117181                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       322865                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       64973                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3807430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3807430                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7383134                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3023114                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      518555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        777719                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     259164                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 51207      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3092266     72.59%     73.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4004      0.09%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.03%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.06%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.48%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      3.51%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      2.93%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.68%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.12%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.01%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.03%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   413982      9.72%     91.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  216012      5.07%     96.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      2.45%     98.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      1.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4260140                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    99                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2636866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2636866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2636866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2636866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21199                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21199                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1183613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1183613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1183613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1183613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2658065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2658065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55833.435539                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55833.435539                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55833.435539                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55833.435539                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1141215000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1141215000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1141215000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1141215000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53833.435539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53833.435539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53833.435539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53833.435539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20943                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2636866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2636866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1183613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1183613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2658065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55833.435539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55833.435539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1141215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1141215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53833.435539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53833.435539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.361857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1902386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 90.836365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.361857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2679264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2679264                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               36771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              36771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8913                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        82455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        82455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  82455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2923776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2923776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2923776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            81336000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          196555750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          887296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1466048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2353344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       887296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         887296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       570432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           570432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            13864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            22907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                36771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8913                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8913                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           90602656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          149699584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              240302240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      90602656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          90602656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        58247365                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              58247365                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        58247365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          90602656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         149699584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             298549606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      8138.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     13864.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     22344.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004244512750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           482                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           482                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                83481                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7646                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        36771                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8913                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      36771                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8913                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     563                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    775                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     369743250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   181040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1048643250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10211.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28961.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     25141                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6443                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  36771                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8913                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    36191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     222.653266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    145.860144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    232.967389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5406     42.45%     42.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3499     27.47%     69.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1306     10.25%     80.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          609      4.78%     84.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          768      6.03%     90.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          544      4.27%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          170      1.33%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          109      0.86%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          325      2.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       74.385892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      48.789958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     145.898836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            447     92.74%     92.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      1.87%     94.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            9      1.87%     96.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           11      2.28%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.62%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.21%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.21%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.836100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.807628                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.988554                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               270     56.02%     56.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                32      6.64%     62.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               169     35.06%     97.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                11      2.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2317312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    36032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   519360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2353344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                570432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        236.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         53.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     240.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      58.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9792587000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      214354.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       887296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1430016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       519360                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 90602655.885926529765                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 146020321.921173006296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 53032353.758965216577                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8913                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    429259000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    619384250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 232084397000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30962.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27039.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  26038864.24                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              45596040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              24231075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            137666340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            21793500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      772602480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4194774780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         228172800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5424837015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         553.935374                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    557553250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    326820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8908893750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              45360420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              24102045                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            120858780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            20566800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      772602480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3578994660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         746724480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5309209665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.128553                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1908985250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    326820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7557461750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           741686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               741686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          747334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              747334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         30597                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             30597                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1627795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1627795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1790313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1790313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       769514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           769514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       777931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          777931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58494.861291                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58494.861291                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58512.697323                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58512.697323                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10692                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10692                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1572141000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1572141000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1729121000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1729121000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56494.933161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56494.933161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56512.762689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56512.762689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      30340                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          491262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              491262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1121616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1121616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       510380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          510380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.037458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58668.061513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58668.061513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1083382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1083382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56668.166126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56668.166126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506179000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    506179000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       259134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         259134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58114.695752                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58114.695752                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488759000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    488759000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56114.695752                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56114.695752                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162518000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    162518000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156980000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156980000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.900972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  678715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 30340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.370303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.900972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                808527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               808527                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7335                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         22908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989348000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1537392000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2526740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989348000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1537392000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2526740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           51796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          51796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.709939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.709939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71360.934795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67111.576742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68713.695203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71360.934795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67111.576742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68713.695203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    961620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1491578000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2453198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    961620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1491578000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2453198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69360.934795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65111.664047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66713.749592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69360.934795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65111.664047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66713.749592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     42555                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989348000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1537392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2526740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          51796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.709939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71360.934795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67111.576742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68713.695203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    961620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1491578000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2453198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69360.934795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65111.664047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66713.749592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.544146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  61633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                42555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.448314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   105.741696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   137.781904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   263.020546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.206527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.269105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.513712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               105555                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              105555                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                51796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               51795                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10692                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        71885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  114283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2642432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1356736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3999168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           105995000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            105256000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           152980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9793267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13990133000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 202103                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1328604                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   423050                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    14.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              942435624                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000106                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6280005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013990                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13990133000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            672950                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6280005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      786660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      425871                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           191                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3915842                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13990122                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13990122                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3586207                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1677647                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       489509                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       95327                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5812202                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5812202                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11317218                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4638970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      786339                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1212194                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     425855                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 61291      0.98%      0.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4662573     74.24%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     9058      0.14%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.02%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.04%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.32%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      2.38%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.99%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.46%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.08%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.02%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   681766     10.86%     91.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  382703      6.09%     97.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.67%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6280060                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   101                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3894609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3894609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3894609                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3894609                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21233                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21233                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1186095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1186095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1186095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1186095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3915842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3915842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55860.924033                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55860.924033                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55860.924033                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55860.924033                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1143629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1143629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1143629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1143629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53860.924033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53860.924033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53860.924033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53860.924033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20977                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3894609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3894609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1186095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1186095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3915842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55860.924033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55860.924033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1143629000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1143629000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53860.924033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53860.924033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.853279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2094950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 99.868904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.853279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3937075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3937075                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               48209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              48209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       106210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       106210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 106210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3712064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3712064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3712064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            97169000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          257133750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          889088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2196288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3085376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       889088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         889088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       626688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           626688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            13892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                48209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           63551076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          156988357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              220539433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      63551076                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          63551076                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        44794999                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              44794999                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        44794999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          63551076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         156988357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             265334432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      8793.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     13892.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     33710.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004244512750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           518                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           518                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               108220                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                8262                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        48209                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9792                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      48209                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     607                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    999                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              11011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     453449750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   238010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1345987250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9525.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28275.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     34491                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     7000                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  48209                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    47585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        14871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     242.512272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    156.318039                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    241.708703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6140     41.29%     41.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3683     24.77%     66.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1382      9.29%     75.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          689      4.63%     79.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1396      9.39%     89.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          952      6.40%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          173      1.16%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          116      0.78%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          340      2.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         14871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       91.569498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      55.317229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     158.933784                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            448     86.49%     86.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           20      3.86%     90.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           26      5.02%     95.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           14      2.70%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      0.97%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.39%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.19%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.19%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.918919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.889328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.007318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               271     52.32%     52.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                32      6.18%     58.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               201     38.80%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                14      2.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3046528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    38848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   560896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3085376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                626688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        217.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         40.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     220.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      44.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13989453000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      241193.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       889088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2157440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       560896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 63551075.604499258101                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 154211543.235507488251                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 40092256.449599154294                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9792                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    430347250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    915640000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 333729126500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30978.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26681.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  34081814.39                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              51814980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              27528930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            177443280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            22185000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1103893440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6040618890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         285374400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7708858920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.021132                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    691493500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    466960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12831679500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              54392520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              28906515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            162435000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            23563080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1103893440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5436031290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         794500800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7603722645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         543.506101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2015839000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    466960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11507334000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1164154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1164154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1169802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1169802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          39905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              39905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         42674                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             42674                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2461851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2461851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2624369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2624369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1204059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1204059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1212476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1212476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61692.795389                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61692.795389                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61498.078455                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61498.078455                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2382043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2382043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2539023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2539023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59692.845508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59692.845508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59498.125322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59498.125322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      42417                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          748061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              748061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1898393000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1898393000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       778243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          778243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.038782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62898.184348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62898.184348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1838031000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1838031000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60898.250613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60898.250613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         416093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             416093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    563458000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    563458000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       425816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         425816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.022834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57951.043916                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57951.043916                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544012000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544012000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55951.043916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55951.043916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162518000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    162518000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156980000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156980000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.130629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1173886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 42417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.674894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.130629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1255149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1255149                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         34318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    991571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2292981000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3284552000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    991571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2292981000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3284552000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           63907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          63907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.754377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.754377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71377.123524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66815.694388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68130.097490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71377.123524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66815.694388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68130.097490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    963787000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2224347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3188134000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    963787000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2224347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3188134000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69377.123524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64815.752666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66130.138975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69377.123524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64815.752666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66130.138975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54465                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    991571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2292981000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3284552000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          63907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.754377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71377.123524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66815.694388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68130.097490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    963787000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2224347000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3188134000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69377.123524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64815.752666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66130.138975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.180835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  74745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.372349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.746195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    99.434798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   301.999842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.208489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.194209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.589843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               130790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              130790                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                63907                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               63906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        97253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  139719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3493056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1358912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4851968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123437000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           213365000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13990133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17625395000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 202352                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1328604                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   419862                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              891609452                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000037                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8299833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017625                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17625395000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            900207                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8299833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1054468                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      592546                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           211                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5173473                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17625384                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17625384                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4581005                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2238104                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       656143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      125665                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7816893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7816893                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15251076                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6254782                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1054070                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1646600                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     592530                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71378      0.86%      0.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6232865     75.10%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    14111      0.17%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.02%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.03%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.25%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.80%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.51%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.35%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.06%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.02%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   949497     11.44%     91.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  549378      6.62%     98.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.26%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8299898                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   102                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        10594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        10594                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10600                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data          783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total           797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data          783                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total          797                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     52416000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     53284000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     52416000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     53284000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        11397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        11397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.700000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.068823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.700000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.068823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        62000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66942.528736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66855.708908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        62000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66942.528736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66855.708908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     50850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51690000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     50850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51690000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.700000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.068823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.700000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.068823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        60000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64942.528736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64855.708908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        60000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64942.528736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64855.708908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        10594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total          797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       868000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     52416000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53284000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        11397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.700000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.068823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        62000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66942.528736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66855.708908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       840000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     50850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51690000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.700000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.068823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        60000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64942.528736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64855.708908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          844                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total          844                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          844                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          844                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          141.472484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      13990183000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    54.354421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.668432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    85.449630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.009300                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            13460                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           13460                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5152214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5152214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5152214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5152214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21259                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21259                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1187407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1187407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1187407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1187407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5173473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5173473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55854.320523                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55854.320523                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55854.320523                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55854.320523                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1144889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1144889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1144889000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1144889000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53854.320523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53854.320523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53854.320523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53854.320523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21003                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5152214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5152214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1187407000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1187407000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5173473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55854.320523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55854.320523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1144889000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1144889000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53854.320523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53854.320523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.089792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2341751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                111.496024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.089792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5194732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5194732                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               49006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              49006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       106210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       106210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         1594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         1594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 107804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3712064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3712064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        51008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        51008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3763072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            97966000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4334500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          257133750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          889984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2246400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3136384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       889984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         889984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       626688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           626688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            13906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            35100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                49006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           50494414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          127452463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              177946877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      50494414                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          50494414                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        35555969                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              35555969                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        35555969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          50494414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         127452463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             213502846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      8793.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     13906.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34493.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004244512750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           518                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           518                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               110748                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                8262                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        49006                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9792                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      49006                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     607                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    999                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              11013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     465139500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   241995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1372620750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9610.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28360.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     34670                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     7000                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  49006                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    48382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        15492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     236.145624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    152.032463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    238.991394                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6590     42.54%     42.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3850     24.85%     67.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1383      8.93%     76.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          690      4.45%     80.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1398      9.02%     89.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          952      6.15%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          173      1.12%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          116      0.75%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          340      2.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         15492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       91.569498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      55.317229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     158.933784                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            448     86.49%     86.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           20      3.86%     90.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           26      5.02%     95.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           14      2.70%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      0.97%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.39%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.19%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.19%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.918919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.889328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.007318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               271     52.32%     52.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                32      6.18%     58.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               201     38.80%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                14      2.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3097536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    38848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   560896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3136384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                626688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        175.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         31.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     177.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      35.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17623583000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      299730.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       889984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2207552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       560896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 50494414.451420806348                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 125248370.320211276412                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 31823173.324626203626                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        13906                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        35100                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9792                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    430747250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    941873500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 333729126500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30975.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26834.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  34081814.39                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              55449240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              29468175                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            182312760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            22185000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1390930320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7129997760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         763943040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9574286295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         543.209743                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1924671250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    588380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15112343750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              55170780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              29323965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            163256100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            23563080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1390930320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5672262660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1991509440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9326016345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         529.123821                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5125181750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    588380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11911833250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1586816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1586816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1592464                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1592464                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          51716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              51716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         54485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             54485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2735375000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2735375000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2897893000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2897893000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1638532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1638532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1646949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1646949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52892.238379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52892.238379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53186.987244                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53186.987244                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12858                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12858                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         51716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2631945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2631945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2788925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2788925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50892.277052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50892.277052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51187.023952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51187.023952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      54228                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1004964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1004964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2115167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2115167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1046051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1046051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51480.200550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51480.200550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2032995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49480.249227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49480.249227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         581852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             581852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620208000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    620208000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         592481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58350.550381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58350.550381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    598950000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    598950000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56350.550381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56350.550381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162518000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    162518000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156980000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156980000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.722441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1532555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 54228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.261323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.722441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1701433                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1701433                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         45695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    992671000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2491732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3484403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    992671000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2491732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3484403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.786953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.786953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71353.579643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54529.642193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58456.271914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71353.579643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54529.642193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58456.271914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    964847000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2400344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3365191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    964847000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2400344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3365191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69353.579643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52529.685961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56456.305467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69353.579643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52529.685961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56456.305467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     66296                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    992671000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2491732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3484403000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.786953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71353.579643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54529.642193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58456.271914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    964847000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2400344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3365191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69353.579643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52529.685961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56456.305467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.968543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  87583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                66296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.321090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   100.562565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    79.946197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   328.459780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.196411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.156145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.641523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               155410                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              155410                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75744                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12858                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       121827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  164345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4309888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5670464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106295000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            140034000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           272420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17625395000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21251251000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 201095                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1328604                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   415041                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              854691226                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10319641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021251                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21251251000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1127476                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10319641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1322319                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      759228                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           231                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6431184                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21251251                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21251251                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5575827                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2798551                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       822779                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      156019                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9821564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9821564                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19184964                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7870555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1321843                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2081055                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     759212                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 81462      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7803091     75.61%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    19164      0.19%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.20%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.45%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.21%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.28%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.05%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1217270     11.80%     91.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  716060      6.94%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.01%     99.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10319716                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   104                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        21296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           21326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           30                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        21296                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          21326                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          1427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1413                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         1427                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     95526000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     95526000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        22753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        22753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.318182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.318182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        62000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66990.799717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66941.836020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        62000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66990.799717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66941.836020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         1427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         1427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     91832000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92672000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     91832000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92672000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.318182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.318182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        60000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64990.799717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64941.836020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        60000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64990.799717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64941.836020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        21296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          21326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         1427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       868000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94658000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95526000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        22709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        22753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.318182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        62000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66990.799717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66941.836020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       840000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     91832000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92672000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.318182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        60000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64990.799717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64941.836020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1867                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1867                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1867                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1867                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          383.505870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              24620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            13.067941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      13990183000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   121.576855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     3.772426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   258.156589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.001970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.002926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1884                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1710                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.014374                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            26504                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           26504                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6409891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6409891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6409891                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6409891                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21293                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21293                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1188015000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1188015000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1188015000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1188015000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6431184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6431184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55793.688067                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55793.688067                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55793.688067                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55793.688067                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1145429000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1145429000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1145429000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1145429000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53793.688067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53793.688067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53793.688067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53793.688067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21037                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6409891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6409891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1188015000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1188015000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6431184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55793.688067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55793.688067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1145429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1145429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53793.688067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53793.688067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.245090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6431184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                302.032781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.245090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6452477                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6452477                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               49636                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              49636                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       106210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       106210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         2854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         2854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 109064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3712064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3712064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        91328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        91328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3803392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            98596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            7758250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          257133750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          889984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2286720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3176704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       889984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         889984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       626688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           626688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            13906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            35730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                49636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           41879135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          107604018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              149483153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      41879135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          41879135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        29489464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              29489464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        29489464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          41879135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         107604018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             178972617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      8793.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     13906.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     35123.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004244512750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           518                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           518                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               112940                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                8262                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        49636                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9792                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      49636                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     607                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    999                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              11013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     474505250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   245145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1393799000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9678.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28428.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     34833                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     7000                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  49636                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    49012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        15960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     231.751378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    149.276808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    236.872160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6895     43.20%     43.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4013     25.14%     68.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1383      8.67%     77.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          690      4.32%     81.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1398      8.76%     90.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          952      5.96%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          173      1.08%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          116      0.73%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          340      2.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         15960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       91.569498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      55.317229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     158.933784                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            448     86.49%     86.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           20      3.86%     90.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           26      5.02%     95.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           14      2.70%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      0.97%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.39%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.19%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.19%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.918919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.889328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.007318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               271     52.32%     52.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                32      6.18%     58.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               201     38.80%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                14      2.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3137856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    38848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   560896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3176704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                626688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        147.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         26.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     149.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      29.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21248285000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      357546.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       889984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2247872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       560896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 41879134.550714217126                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 105775984.670267179608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 26393552.078416466713                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        13906                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        35730                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9792                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    430747250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    963051750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 333729126500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30975.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26953.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  34081814.39                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              56241780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              29893215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            183383760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            22185000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1677352560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7426153800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1906877280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11302087395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         531.831627                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4893064750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    709540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15648646250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              57712620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              30674985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            166683300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            23563080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1677352560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6506466780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2681350560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11143803885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         524.383430                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6910180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    709540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13631531000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2009444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2009444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2015092                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2015092                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          63611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              63611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         66380                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             66380                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3000128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3000128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3162646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3162646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2073055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2073055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2081472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2081472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47163.666661                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47163.666661                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47644.561615                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47644.561615                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         63611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2872906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2872906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3029886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3029886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45163.666661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45163.666661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45644.561615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45644.561615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      66124                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         51993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             51993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2321539000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2321539000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1313902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1313902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44650.991480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44650.991480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2217553000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2217553000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42650.991480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42650.991480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         747535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             747535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    678589000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    678589000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       759153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         759153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58408.417972                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58408.417972                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    655353000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    655353000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56408.417972                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56408.417972                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162518000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    162518000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156980000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156980000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56691.946551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.111035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2081472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 66380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.356915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.111035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2147852                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2147852                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         57026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             70962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            70962                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    992983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2680030000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3673013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    992983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2680030000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3673013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        66380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           87673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        66380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          87673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.809394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.809394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71253.085534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46996.633115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51760.280150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71253.085534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46996.633115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51760.280150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    965111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2565978000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3531089000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    965111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2565978000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3531089000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69253.085534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44996.633115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49760.280150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69253.085534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44996.633115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49760.280150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     78266                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            70962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    992983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2680030000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3673013000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        66380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          87673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.809394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71253.085534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46996.633115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51760.280150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    965111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2565978000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3531089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69253.085534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44996.633115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49760.280150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.485765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 101692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                78778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.290868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   102.733451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    67.266941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   339.485373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.200651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.131381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.663057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               180470                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              180470                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                87673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               87673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       146779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  189365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5145536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1362752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6508288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            157768000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           331900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21251251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
