
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4039613000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104735                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34373656                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   215809                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              423008309                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000159                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2060905                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004040                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4039613000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            239834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000159                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2060905                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      201733                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            74                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      139322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1319746                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4039602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4039602                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1493580                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              634990                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176994                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  81085                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         81085                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136044                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               68785                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43104                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1990609                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1990609                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3845099                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1604065                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      201380                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        340611                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     139231                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14313      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1644182     79.78%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       20      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2023      0.10%     80.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20440      0.99%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      448      0.02%     81.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14338      0.70%     82.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24468      1.19%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   190086      9.22%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137238      6.66%     99.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11294      0.55%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2060930                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    88                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        12905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        12905                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1694                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14599                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1797                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2218                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4015                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108502000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    247097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108502000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    247097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.215698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.215698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60379.521425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62486.474301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61543.462017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60379.521425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62486.474301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61543.462017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104908000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134159000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    239067000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134159000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    239067000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58379.521425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60486.474301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59543.462017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58379.521425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60486.474301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59543.462017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        12905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108502000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    247097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.215698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60379.521425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62486.474301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61543.462017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104908000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    239067000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58379.521425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60486.474301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59543.462017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2886                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2886                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2886                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2886                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3025.553311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1463.846489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1561.706823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.011168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.011915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4015                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3801                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.030632                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25515                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25515                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1298895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1298895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1298895                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1298895                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20851                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20851                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    476761000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    476761000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    476761000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    476761000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1319746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22865.138363                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22865.138363                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22865.138363                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22865.138363                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    435059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    435059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20865.138363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20865.138363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20865.138363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20865.138363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20595                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1298895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1298895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    476761000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    476761000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22865.138363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22865.138363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    435059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20865.138363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20865.138363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.905225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1130171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 54.875989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.905225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1340597                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1340597                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       256960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       256960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  256960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4015000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21480500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          115008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          141952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              256960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       115008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         115008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           28470054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           35140000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63610054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      28470054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          28470054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          28470054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          35140000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              63610054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1797.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2218.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000574500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9065                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4015                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4015                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      37914000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                113195250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9443.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28193.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2598                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4015                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     181.325795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.825553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    178.348341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           565     39.93%     39.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          521     36.82%     76.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          186     13.14%     89.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           52      3.67%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           28      1.98%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      1.55%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           16      1.13%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.42%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      1.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  256960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   256960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         63.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4038704000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1005903.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       115008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       141952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 28470053.938335180283                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 35139999.797010257840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1797                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2218                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     48583250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     64612000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27035.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29130.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4533900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2409825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12844860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      318383520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         841630080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         842470560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2022272745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         500.610515                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2182066500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    134680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1722866500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5583480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2960100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             15822240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      318383520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         880692180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         809576160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2033017680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.270407                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2095965500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    134680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1808967500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           334021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               334021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          334021                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              334021                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7009                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7009                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255246000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    255246000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255246000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    255246000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       341030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           341030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       341030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          341030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36416.892567                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36416.892567                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36416.892567                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36416.892567                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34417.177914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34417.177914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34417.177914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34417.177914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6752                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          197455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              197455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    103084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24096.306685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24096.306685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22096.774194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22096.774194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         136566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             136566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2731                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2731                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152162000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    152162000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       139297                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         139297                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55716.587331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55716.587331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    146700000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146700000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019606                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019606                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53716.587331                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53716.587331                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.381986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  282470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.835012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.381986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.978055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                348038                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               348038                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6149                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3096                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         14702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        14702                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3913                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18615                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296034000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185015000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    481049000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296034000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185015000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    481049000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           27860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          27860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.668162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.668162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20135.627806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47282.136468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25842.009132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20135.627806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47282.136468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25842.009132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2886                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2886                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    177191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    443821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    177191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    443821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18135.627806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45282.647585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23842.116573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18135.627806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45282.647585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23842.116573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     20572                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        14702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296034000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185015000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    481049000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          27860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.668162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20135.627806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47282.136468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25842.009132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    177191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18135.627806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45282.647585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23842.116573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              502.152463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  29980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.457321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.601747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   188.468630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.082086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.208207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.368103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.404457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                52737                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               52737                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                27860                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               27859                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3793                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        17810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   59512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       691264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1334464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2025728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           104255000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             46825000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            35040000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4039613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7889252000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115726                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34389128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   238547                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              456455294                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000140                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4122963                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007889                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7889252000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            489790                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000140                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4122963                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      394507                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           142                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255612                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            97                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2631743                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           228                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7889241                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7889241                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3011807                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1279164                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       359595                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 163681                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        163681                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               275764                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              140533                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88313                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3981101                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3981101                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7661845                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3220066                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      393697                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        649124                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255427                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27726      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3319935     80.52%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.10%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    42356      1.03%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.04%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    29106      0.71%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49078      1.19%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   370089      8.98%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  253434      6.15%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23608      0.57%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4123005                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    90                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23802                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3443                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27245                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2441                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4849                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7290                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148207000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    444410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148207000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    444410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        34535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        34535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.584781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.211090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.584781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.211090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60715.690291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61085.378429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60961.591221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60715.690291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61085.378429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60961.591221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143325000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    429830000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143325000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286505000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    429830000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.584781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.584781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58715.690291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59085.378429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58961.591221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58715.690291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59085.378429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58961.591221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148207000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296203000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    444410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        34535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.584781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.211090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60715.690291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61085.378429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60961.591221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143325000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286505000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429830000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.584781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58715.690291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59085.378429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58961.591221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3980.981730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1731.999887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2248.981843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.013214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.017158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.030372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1599                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.055618                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            47361                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           47361                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2593851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2593851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2593851                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2593851                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    817252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    817252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    817252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    817252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2631743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2631743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21567.929906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21567.929906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21567.929906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21567.929906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    741468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    741468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    741468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    741468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19567.929906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19567.929906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19567.929906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19567.929906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37636                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2593851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2593851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    817252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    817252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2631743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21567.929906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21567.929906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    741468000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    741468000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19567.929906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19567.929906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.903311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2352783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 62.514162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.903311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2669635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2669635                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       466560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       466560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  466560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           38896500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          156224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          310336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              466560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       156224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         156224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19802131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39336556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               59138686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19802131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19802131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19802131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39336556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              59138686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2441.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4849.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000574500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16605                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7290                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7290                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      64704250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    36450000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                201391750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8875.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27625.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4998                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7290                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     203.565255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    143.698790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    209.981558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           826     36.05%     36.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          870     37.97%     74.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          308     13.44%     87.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           86      3.75%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           40      1.75%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      1.62%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           48      2.10%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           28      1.22%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           48      2.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  466560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   466560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         59.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      59.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7888546000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1082105.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       156224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       310336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19802130.797697931528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 39336555.607553161681                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2441                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4849                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     66809250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    134582500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27369.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27754.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6640200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3525555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             21362880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      622630320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1365265140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1879776000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3899200095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.242052                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4873830500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    263380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2752041500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9724680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5168790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30687720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      622630320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1821641910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1495458720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3985312140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.157161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3869722750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    263380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3756149250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           635720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               635720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          635720                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              635720                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14357                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14357                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    535621000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    535621000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    535621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    535621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           650077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          650077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37307.306540                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37307.306540                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37307.306540                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37307.306540                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    506909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    506909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35307.445845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35307.445845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35307.445845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35307.445845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14100                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          384878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              384878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287057000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    287057000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       394507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          394507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29811.714612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29811.714612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    267801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27811.922318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27811.922318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250842                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250842                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248564000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248564000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018500                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018500                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52572.758037                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52572.758037                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239108000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    239108000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018500                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018500                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50572.758037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50572.758037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.123352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  648047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.960780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.123352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                664433                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               664433                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17713                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             34536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8293                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            34536                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    484484000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    878785000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    484484000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    878785000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.660989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.660989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18461.456388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47546.243820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25445.477183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18461.456388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47546.243820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25445.477183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        34536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431998000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377717000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    809715000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431998000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377717000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    809715000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16461.456388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45546.484987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23445.535094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16461.456388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45546.484987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23445.535094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38357                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            34536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    484484000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394301000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    878785000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.660989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18461.456388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47546.243820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25445.477183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377717000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    809715000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16461.456388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45546.484987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23445.535094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.957667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  58924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.536199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   111.047813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   157.254823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   238.655030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.216890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.307138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.466123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                98340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               98340                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52249                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52248                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7222                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  111719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1380992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2425088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3806080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             88359000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            71780000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7889252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11374102000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 122116                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34389128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   248247                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              462973223                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000059                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6098796                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011374                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11374102000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            774214                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000059                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6098796                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      556721                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           271                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      317907                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           113                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3908996                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11374091                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11374091                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4349851                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1923033                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       559842                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      145411                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5937744                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5937744                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11279444                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4828515                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      555529                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873251                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     317722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30677      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5050998     82.82%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.07%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.89%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.03%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.53%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.85%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   528971      8.67%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  315729      5.18%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.44%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6098846                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           29636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23841                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5795                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          29636                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2451                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10721                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13172                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148741000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    639828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    788569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148741000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    639828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    788569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        42808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        42808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.307699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.307699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60685.842513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59679.880608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59867.066505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60685.842513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59679.880608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59867.066505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    618386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    762225000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    618386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    762225000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58685.842513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57679.880608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57867.066505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58685.842513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57679.880608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57867.066505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          29636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    639828000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    788569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        42808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.307699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60685.842513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59679.880608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59867.066505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    618386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    762225000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58685.842513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57679.880608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57867.066505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6024.402659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1949.926485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4074.476174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.014877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.031086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.045963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          880                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2832                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.100494                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            62024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           62024                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3871054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3871054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3871054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3871054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    818712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    818712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    818712000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    818712000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3908996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3908996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21577.987455                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21577.987455                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21577.987455                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21577.987455                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    742828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    742828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    742828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    742828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19577.987455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19577.987455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19577.987455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19577.987455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37686                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3871054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3871054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    818712000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    818712000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3908996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21577.987455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21577.987455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    742828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    742828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19577.987455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19577.987455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.545705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2379766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.147216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.545705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3946938                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3946938                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        26344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        26344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  26344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       843008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       843008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  843008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13172000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           69901000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          156864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          686144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              843008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       156864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         156864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13791331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           60325114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               74116445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13791331                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13791331                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13791331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          60325114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              74116445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2451.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10721.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000574500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29263                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13172                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13172                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     102875250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    65860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                349850250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7810.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26560.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10266                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13172                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     290.125990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    184.012006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    300.874276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           867     29.85%     29.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          940     32.36%     62.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          434     14.94%     77.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          111      3.82%     80.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      2.13%     83.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           57      1.96%     85.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          120      4.13%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      3.68%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          207      7.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  843008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   843008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         74.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      74.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11373075000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      863428.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       156864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       686144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13791330.515587076545                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 60325114.017792344093                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2451                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10721                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67010500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    282839750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27340.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26381.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9132060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4850010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             42982800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      897374400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2303131740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2428176000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5685647010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.876563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6291216500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    379600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4703285500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11616780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6174465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             51065280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      897374400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2460324060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2295803520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5722358505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.104202                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5944492500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    379600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5050009500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           851350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               851350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          851350                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              851350                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23228                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23228                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1033469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1033469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1033469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1033469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       874578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           874578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       874578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          874578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44492.379886                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44492.379886                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44492.379886                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44492.379886                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    987015000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    987015000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    987015000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    987015000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42492.465989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42492.465989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42492.465989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42492.465989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      22971                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          538852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              538852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    749387000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    749387000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       556721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          556721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41937.825284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41937.825284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    713651000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    713651000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39937.937210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39937.937210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         312498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             312498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284082000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    284082000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       317857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         317857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016860                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016860                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53010.263109                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53010.263109                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    273364000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273364000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016860                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016860                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51010.263109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51010.263109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.004713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  871494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 22971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.938879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.004713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                897805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               897805                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16517                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42809                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    485635000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    833094000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1318729000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    485635000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    833094000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1318729000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.699837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.699837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18470.827628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50438.578434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30804.947558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18470.827628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50438.578434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30804.947558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    800062000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1233113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    800062000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1233113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16470.827628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48438.699522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28804.994277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16470.827628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48438.699522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28804.994277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47045                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    485635000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    833094000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1318729000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.699837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18470.827628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50438.578434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30804.947558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    800062000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1233113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16470.827628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48438.699522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28804.994277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.502560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  68559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.457307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    81.988256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   109.549857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   316.964447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.160133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.213965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.619071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               116727                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              116727                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61169                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        54455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  130339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1998528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4426816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            101170000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           116135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11374102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14643388000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 129323                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34389128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   258370                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              473425899                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000029                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7991553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014643                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14643388000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1035082                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000029                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7991553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      736403                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           369                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      408786                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           148                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5166609                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14643377                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14643377                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5520363                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2508091                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       727956                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204716                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7830517                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7830517                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14931024                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6369542                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      735212                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1143812                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     408600                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6673210     83.50%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.05%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.68%     84.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.40%     85.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.65%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   708654      8.87%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  406607      5.09%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.33%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7991620                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           36138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23841                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12297                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          36138                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11874                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14332                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    708105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    857252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    708105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    857252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.283971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.283971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60678.193653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59634.916625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59813.843148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60678.193653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59634.916625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59813.843148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144231000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684357000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    828588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144231000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    828588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58678.193653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.916625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57813.843148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58678.193653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.916625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57813.843148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          36138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    708105000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    857252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.283971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60678.193653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59634.916625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59813.843148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684357000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    828588000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58678.193653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.916625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57813.843148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7782.495432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2062.504547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5719.990886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.015736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.043640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.059376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.109344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            72366                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           72366                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5128660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5128660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5128660                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5128660                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    819237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819237000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    819237000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5166609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5166609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5166609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5166609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21587.841577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21587.841577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21587.841577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21587.841577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    743339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    743339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19587.841577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19587.841577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19587.841577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19587.841577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5128660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5128660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    819237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5166609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5166609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21587.841577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21587.841577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    743339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19587.841577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19587.841577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.870391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2383484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.234128                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.870391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5204558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5204558                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        28664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       917248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       917248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  917248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14332000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           76079250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          157312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          759936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              917248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       157312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         157312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2458                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10742869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           51896187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               62639056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10742869                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10742869                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10742869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          51896187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              62639056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2458.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11874.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                32423                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14332                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14332                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     111150000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    71660000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                379875000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7755.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26505.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11058                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14332                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     280.227314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    183.992662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    285.844636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           913     27.89%     27.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1039     31.74%     59.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          657     20.07%     79.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          111      3.39%     83.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      1.89%     85.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           57      1.74%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          120      3.67%     90.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      3.27%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          207      6.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  917248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   917248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         62.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      62.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14639973000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1021488.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       157312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       759936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10742869.068278461695                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 51896186.866044931114                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11874                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67183000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    312692000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27332.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26334.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9431940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5013195                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             44075220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1155523200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2469540390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3543448320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7227032265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         493.535531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9189187000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    488800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4965401000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13944420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7407840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             58255260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1155523200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3417997020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2744748000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7397875740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.202467                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7103327000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    488800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7051261000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1112982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1112982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1112982                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1112982                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32140                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32140                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1263742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1263742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1263742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1263742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1145122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1145122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1145122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1145122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39319.912881                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39319.912881                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39319.912881                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39319.912881                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9859                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9859                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1199464000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1199464000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1199464000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1199464000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37319.975109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37319.975109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37319.975109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37319.975109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31883                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          711176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              711176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    885766000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    885766000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          736403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35111.824632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35111.824632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    835312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    835312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33111.824632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33111.824632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         401806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             401806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377976000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    377976000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       408719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         408719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54676.117460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54676.117460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    364152000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364152000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52676.406770                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52676.406770                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.450181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1141860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 31883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.814070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.450181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1177261                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1177261                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19618                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24172                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50471                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    998580000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1484698000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    998580000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1484698000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           70089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          70089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18484.276969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41311.434718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29416.853242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18484.276969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41311.434718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29416.853242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    950238000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1383758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    950238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1383758000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16484.276969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39311.517458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27416.892869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16484.276969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39311.517458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27416.892869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55602                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    998580000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1484698000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          70089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18484.276969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41311.434718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29416.853242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    950238000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1383758000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16484.276969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39311.517458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27416.892869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.283399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  79240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.425129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.971653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    85.210946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   350.100801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.144476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.166428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.683791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               136062                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              136062                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                70089                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               70088                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9859                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        74138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  150036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2687872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5116608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            119384000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           160695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14643388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17897015000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 134032                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34389128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   265414                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              479641390                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5001127                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9903466                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017897                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17897015000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1268933                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5001127                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9903466                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      921032                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           421                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      511363                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6442607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17897004                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17897004                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6525568                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3082487                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       855143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      270364                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9742438                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9742438                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18750814                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7945035                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      919841                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1431018                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     511177                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8297925     83.79%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.04%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.55%     84.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.32%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.53%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   893283      9.02%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  509184      5.14%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.27%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9903541                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        16251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           40092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23841                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        16251                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          40092                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12386                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14844                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    742019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    891166000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    742019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    891166000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        54936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        54936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.270205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.270205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60678.193653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59907.879864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60035.435193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60678.193653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59907.879864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60035.435193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144231000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    861478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144231000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    861478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58678.193653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57907.879864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58035.435193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58678.193653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57907.879864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58035.435193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        16251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          40092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    742019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    891166000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        54936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.270205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60678.193653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59907.879864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60035.435193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    861478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58678.193653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57907.879864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58035.435193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9020.981849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2134.404508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  6886.577342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.016284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.052540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.068825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14844                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.113251                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            78216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           78216                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6404658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6404658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6404658                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6404658                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    819237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819237000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    819237000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6442607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6442607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6442607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6442607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21587.841577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21587.841577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21587.841577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21587.841577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    743339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    743339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19587.841577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19587.841577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19587.841577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19587.841577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6404658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6404658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    819237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6442607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6442607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21587.841577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21587.841577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    743339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19587.841577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19587.841577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.075751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2383484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.234128                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.075751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6480556                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6480556                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14844                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14844                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        29688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        29688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  29688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       950016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       950016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  950016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14844000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           78833000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          157312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          792704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              950016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       157312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         157312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2458                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8789846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           44292526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               53082372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8789846                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8789846                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8789846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          44292526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              53082372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2458.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12386.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34283                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14844                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14844                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     118374250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    74220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                396699250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7974.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26724.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11290                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14844                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     267.308948                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    176.558803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    278.067262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           999     28.11%     28.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1234     34.72%     62.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          657     18.49%     81.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          111      3.12%     84.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      1.74%     86.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           57      1.60%     87.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          120      3.38%     91.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      3.01%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          207      5.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  950016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   950016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         53.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      53.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17888118000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1205073.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       157312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       792704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8789845.680969703943                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 44292525.876521870494                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12386                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67183000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    329516250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27332.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26603.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11331180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6022665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             47559540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1412442720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3164923860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4207254720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8849534685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.469870                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10908338750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    597480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6391196250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14044380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7464765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             58426620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1412442720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3498764880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3926125440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8917268805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         498.254530                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10173869750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    597480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7125665250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1394297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1394297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1394297                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1394297                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38023                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38023                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1402743000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1402743000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1402743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1402743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1432320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1432320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1432320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1432320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36891.960129                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36891.960129                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36891.960129                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36891.960129                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10987                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10987                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1326699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1326699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1326699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1326699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34892.012729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34892.012729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34892.012729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34892.012729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37766                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    976786000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    976786000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       921032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          921032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32300.056215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32300.056215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    916304000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    916304000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30300.056215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30300.056215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         503506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             503506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425957000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    425957000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       511288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         511288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54736.186070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54736.186070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    410395000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    410395000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015220                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015220                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52736.443074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52736.443074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.731934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1408065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.283933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.731934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1470342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1470342                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             54937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            54937                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1089528000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1575646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1089528000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1575646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.723122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.723122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18484.276969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38044.835533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28680.961829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18484.276969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38044.835533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28680.961829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1032254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465774000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1032254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465774000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16484.276969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36044.905370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26680.998234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16484.276969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36044.905370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26680.998234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     60630                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            54937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1089528000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1575646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.723122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18484.276969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38044.835533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28680.961829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1032254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465774000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16484.276969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36044.905370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26680.998234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10987                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10987                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10987                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10987                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.777270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  86337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                60630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.423998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.025146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    69.719835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   369.032289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.138721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.136172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.720766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               148101                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              148101                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75972                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75971                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10987                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  162930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3136576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5565312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            130907000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           190110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17897015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21165254000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 139268                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34389128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   274152                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              491263209                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000076                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11811379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021165                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21165254000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1502348                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000076                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11811379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1105257                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           476                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613738                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7715920                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21165243                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21165243                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7528568                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3655669                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       982068                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      335856                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11650359                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11650359                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22562411                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9517165                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1104065                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1717618                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613553                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9919246     83.98%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.03%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.46%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.01%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.27%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.44%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1077507      9.12%     94.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  611560      5.18%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.22%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11811462                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        20384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           44225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23841                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        20384                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          44225                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12902                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15360                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    774563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    923710000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    774563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    923710000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        59585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        59585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.387610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.257783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.387610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.257783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60678.193653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60034.335762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60137.369792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60678.193653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60034.335762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60137.369792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144231000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    892990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144231000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    892990000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.387610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.387610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58678.193653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58034.335762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58137.369792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58678.193653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58034.335762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58137.369792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        20384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          44225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    774563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    923710000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        59585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.387610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.257783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60678.193653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60034.335762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60137.369792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    892990000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.387610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58678.193653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58034.335762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58137.369792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9962.235342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2184.372602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7777.862740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.016665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.059340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.076006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13066                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.117188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            84179                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           84179                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7677971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7677971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7677971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7677971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    819237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819237000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    819237000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7715920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7715920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21587.841577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21587.841577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21587.841577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21587.841577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    743339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    743339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19587.841577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19587.841577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19587.841577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19587.841577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7677971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7677971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    819237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7715920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21587.841577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21587.841577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    743339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19587.841577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19587.841577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.218469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2383484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.234128                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.218469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7753869                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7753869                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       983040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       983040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  983040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           81594750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          157312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          825728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              983040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       157312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         157312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2458                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7432559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39013375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               46445934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7432559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7432559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7432559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39013375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              46445934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2458.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                36155                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15360                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15360                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     124033500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    76800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                412033500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8075.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26825.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11572                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15360                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3788                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     259.514256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    173.726273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    271.199338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1018     26.87%     26.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1449     38.25%     65.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          657     17.34%     82.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          111      2.93%     85.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      1.64%     87.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           57      1.50%     88.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          120      3.17%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      2.82%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          207      5.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3788                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  983040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   983040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         46.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      46.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21162604000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1377773.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       157312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       825728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7432559.042286947370                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 39013375.412362165749                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67183000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    344850500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27332.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26728.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13001940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6910695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             51243780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1670591520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3842202990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4891918560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10475869485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.956001                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12682274000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    706680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7776300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14044380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7464765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             58426620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1670591520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3545926680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5141414400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10437868365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         493.160553                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13332908750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    706680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7125665250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1673326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1673326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1673326                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1673326                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          45586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              45586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         45586                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             45586                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1566298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1566298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1566298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1566298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1718912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1718912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1718912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1718912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34359.189225                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34359.189225                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34359.189225                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34359.189225                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         45586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1475128000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1475128000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1475128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1475128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32359.233098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32359.233098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32359.233098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32359.233098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      45329                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1068216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1068216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         37041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             37041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1095297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1095297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1105257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1105257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29569.855026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29569.855026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1021217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1021217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27569.909020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27569.909020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    471001000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    471001000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55120.070217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55120.070217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    453911000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453911000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53120.070217                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53120.070217                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.927742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1714325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 45329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.819608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.927742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1764497                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1764497                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               23949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          12299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              23949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59586                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1181477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1667595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1181477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1667595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        45586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           83535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        45586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          83535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.713306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.713306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18484.276969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35493.646168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27986.355855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18484.276969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35493.646168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27986.355855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9234                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9234                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1114905000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1114905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16484.276969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33493.706252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25986.389420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16484.276969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33493.706252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25986.389420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     65787                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          12299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              23949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1181477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1667595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        45586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          83535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.713306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18484.276969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35493.646168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27986.355855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1114905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16484.276969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33493.706252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25986.389420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.120493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  95043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                65787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.444708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.145524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    58.954026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   383.020943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.133097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.115145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.748088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               162044                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              162044                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                83535                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               83534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12210                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  179279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3698880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6127616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            144585000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           227925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21165254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24483787000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 142033                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34389260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   278389                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    49.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              496785341                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13720230                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024484                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24483787000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1730941                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13720230                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1303218                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           607                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      731887                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           181                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8964843                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24483787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24483787                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8459688                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4214743                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1108622                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      394357                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13559209                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13559209                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26353841                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11079273                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1302027                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2033729                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     731702                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30679      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11511985     83.90%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.03%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.39%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.01%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.23%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.38%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1275469      9.30%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  729709      5.32%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.19%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13720313                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        30454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           54295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23841                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        30454                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          54295                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12960                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15425                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778856000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    928409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778856000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    928409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        69720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        69720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.221242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.221242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60670.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60096.913580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60188.589951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60670.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60096.913580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60188.589951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144623000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    752936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    897559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144623000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    752936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    897559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58670.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58096.913580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58188.589951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58670.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58096.913580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58188.589951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        30454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          54295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778856000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    928409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        69720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.221242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60670.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60096.913580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60188.589951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144623000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    752936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    897559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58670.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58096.913580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58188.589951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        10702.023735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              81602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            15425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.290243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2222.219662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8479.804073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.016954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.064696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.081650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.117683                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            97027                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           97027                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8926887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8926887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8926887                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8926887                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37956                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37956                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    819765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    819765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8964843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8964843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21597.771103                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21597.771103                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21597.771103                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21597.771103                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    743853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    743853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19597.771103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19597.771103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19597.771103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19597.771103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37700                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8926887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8926887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819765000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    819765000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8964843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21597.771103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21597.771103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    743853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19597.771103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19597.771103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.324398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8964843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                236.190405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.324398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9002799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9002799                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15425                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15425                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       987200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       987200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  987200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           81943000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          157760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          829440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              987200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       157760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         157760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6443448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           33877112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               40320560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6443448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6443448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6443448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          33877112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              40320560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2465.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12960.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                37137                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15425                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15425                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     125345500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    77125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                414564250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8126.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26876.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11606                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15425                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     258.496989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    173.233219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    270.379171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1026     26.87%     26.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1471     38.52%     65.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          658     17.23%     82.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          111      2.91%     85.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      1.62%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           57      1.49%     88.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          120      3.14%     91.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      2.80%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          207      5.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  987200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   987200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         40.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      40.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21873040000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1418025.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       157760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       829440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6443447.657831691206                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 33877112.229411244392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12960                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67355500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    347208750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27324.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26790.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13201860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7016955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             51657900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1932428160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3962576730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6064867680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12031749285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.417005                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15730589250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    817440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7935757750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14065800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7476150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             58476600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1932428160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3597179370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6372570720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11982196800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.393116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16533159750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    817440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7133187250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1978423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1978423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1978423                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1978423                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         56599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             56599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1776278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1776278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1776278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1776278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2035022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2035022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2035022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2035022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31383.558013                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31383.558013                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31383.558013                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31383.558013                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15152                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15152                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1663080000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1663080000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1663080000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1663080000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29383.558013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29383.558013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29383.558013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29383.558013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      56343                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1255442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1255442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         47776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             47776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1296554000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1296554000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1303218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1303218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27138.186537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27138.186537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1201002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1201002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25138.186537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25138.186537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         722981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             722981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479724000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    479724000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012057                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012057                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54371.982319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54371.982319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    462078000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    462078000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012057                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012057                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52371.982319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52371.982319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.073076                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2035022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 56599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.955088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.073076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2091621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2091621                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24835                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             69720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            69720                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1317318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1803919000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486601000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1317318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1803919000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        56599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           94555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        56599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          94555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.737349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.737349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18497.719152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30343.161192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25873.766495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18497.719152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30343.161192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25873.766495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1230490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1664479000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1230490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1664479000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16497.719152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28343.161192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23873.766495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16497.719152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28343.161192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23873.766495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     77976                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            69720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1317318000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1803919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        56599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          94555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.737349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18497.719152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30343.161192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25873.766495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1230490000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1664479000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16497.719152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28343.161192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23873.766495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15152                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15152                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15152                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15152                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.375242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 109707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                78488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.397755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    69.710412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    51.025787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   389.639043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.136153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.099660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.761014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               188195                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              188195                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                94555                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               94555                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15152                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       128350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  204262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4592064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2429184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7021248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189780000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            170315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           282995000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24483787000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
