
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18007857000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  41743                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34314664                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    75621                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              751692562                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018008                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18007857000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            201594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      246172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         96260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1251628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18007846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18007846                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              794611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1857322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1857322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3422504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1410106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        447086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     246171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1409874     75.81%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.01%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.05%     75.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.02%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.02%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200599     10.79%     86.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  245995     13.23%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.02%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1859740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        193409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       193409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11762472000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  11799769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11762472000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  11799769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       192797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       193512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       192797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       193512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61013.102611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61009.410110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61013.102611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61009.410110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       184309                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           184309                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       193409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       193409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11376900000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11412951000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11376900000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11412951000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59013.102611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59009.410110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59013.102611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59009.410110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                184348                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       193409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11762472000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11799769000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       192797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       193512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61013.102611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61009.410110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11376900000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11412951000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59013.102611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59009.410110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8803.189764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             368661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           184348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   588.347471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8214.842292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.062674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.067163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9061                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.069130                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           579436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          579436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.343976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.343976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1252385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1252385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              193409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       184309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       571127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       571127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 571127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     24173952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     24173952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                24173952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1114954000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1023521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12338304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12378176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     11795776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         11795776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           192786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               193409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        184309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              184309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2214145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          685162260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              687376405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2214145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2214145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       655034966                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             655034966                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       655034966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2214145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         685162260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1342411371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    184309.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    192786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023935750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         11518                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         11518                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               564232                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              172775                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       193409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      184309                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     193409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    184309                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              11512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              11512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              11512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              11520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              11522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              11523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              11520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              11520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              11521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              11520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             11520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             11521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             11522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             11518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             11515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             11513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1734377000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5360795750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8967.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27717.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    166813                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   159055                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 193409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                184309                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   193408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   11519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   11518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   11519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   11518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   11518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   11518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   11518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   11518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   11518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   11518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   11518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   11518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   11518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   11518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   11518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   11518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        51821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     466.370931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    445.806470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    106.540896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           100      0.19%      0.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2366      4.57%      4.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4408      8.51%     13.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2306      4.45%     17.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        42617     82.24%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         51821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.791804                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.009067                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      84.950007                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          11517     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          11518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.027953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             11517     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          11518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12378176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 11794624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12378176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              11795776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        687.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        654.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     687.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     655.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18007813000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       47675.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12338304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     11794624                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2214144.636977070943                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 685162260.006840348244                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 654970994.049986124039                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       192786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       184309                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5344261000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 423887644500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27721.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299874.91                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             185075940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              98339835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            690266640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           481023000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1421047680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7492152960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         605835840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10973741895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         609.386330                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1513669250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    601120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15893067750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             185004540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              98320860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            690673620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           480976020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1421047680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7485832230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         611158560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10973013510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         609.345882                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1527568750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    601120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15879168250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15041790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15041790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15041790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15041790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.483490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.483488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77971.479519                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77971.479519                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77971.479519                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77971.479519                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14655964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14655964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14655964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14655964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75971.489887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75971.489887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75971.489887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75971.489887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     192727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15028398000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15028398000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.972900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.972900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77997.072852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77997.072852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14643042000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14643042000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.972900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75997.083232                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75997.083232                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.569782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                192727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.035029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.569782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.724882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.724882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                591918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               591918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        192798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            193513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           193513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13883261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13928607000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13883261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13928607000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          193671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         193671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72009.362130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71977.629410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72009.362130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71977.629410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       193513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       193513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13497667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13541583000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13497667000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13541583000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70009.372504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69977.639745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70009.372504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69977.639745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    193124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           193513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13883261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13928607000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         193671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72009.362130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71977.629410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13497667000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13541583000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70009.372504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69977.639745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              441.872061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 385696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               193124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.941084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.199085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.731891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.038947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.529686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.863031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               579870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              579870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               193671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              193670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        192632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       578459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  579973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     24674880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 24723328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1156831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18007857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                36546556000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  44700                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34318068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    80719                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              816803932                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3611614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.036547                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 36546556000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            401594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3611614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      496172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        196260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2501628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         36546545                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   36546545                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1594611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3707322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3707322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6822504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2810106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        897086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     496171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2809874     75.74%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.03%     75.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.01%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400599     10.80%     86.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  495995     13.37%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3709740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        393409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       393409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24001171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  24038468000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24001171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  24038468000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       392797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       393512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       392797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       393512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61104.955370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61102.994593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61104.955370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61102.994593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       384309                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           384309                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       393409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       393409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23215599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23251650000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23215599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23251650000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59104.955370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59102.994593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59104.955370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59102.994593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                384348                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       393409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24001171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24038468000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       392797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       393512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61104.955370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61102.994593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23215599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23251650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59104.955370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59102.994593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8933.967240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             768661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           384348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.185737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8344.781503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.063666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.068161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9061                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.069130                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1179436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1179436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.676752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.676752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2502385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2502385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              393409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             393409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       384309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1171127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1171127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1171127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     49773952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     49773952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                49773952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2314954000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2081966500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25138304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25178176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     24595776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         24595776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           392786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               393409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        384309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              384309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1090992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          687843309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              688934301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1090992                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1090992                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       672998463                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             672998463                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       672998463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1090992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         687843309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1361932763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    384309.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    392786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023935750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24018                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24018                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1156494                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              360275                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       393409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      384309                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     393409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    384309                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3564630500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              10941049250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9060.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27810.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    339432                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   331674                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 393409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                384309                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   393408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       106583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     466.939456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.040946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    105.303642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           100      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4747      4.45%      4.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9170      8.60%     13.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4687      4.40%     17.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        87855     82.43%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        106583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24018                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.379715                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.004348                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      58.827927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          24017    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24018                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.019358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24017    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25178176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 24594624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25178176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              24595776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        688.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        672.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     688.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     673.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    36546512000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46991.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25138304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     24594624                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1090991.993883089861                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 687843308.682766199112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 672966941.125724673271                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       392786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       384309                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  10924514500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 883825542500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27812.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299778.41                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             380526300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             202243140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1404052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1002960360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2884505520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15251675820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1190361120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22316324700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         610.627297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2969889500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1220180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32356486500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             380554860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             202239345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1404887820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1003038660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2884505520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15245332860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1195702560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22316261625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         610.625571                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2983839750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1220180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32342536250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           406089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               406089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          406091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              406091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         392914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             392914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        392914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            392914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30680489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30680489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30680489000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30680489000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       799003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           799003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       799005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          799005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.491755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.491754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78084.489227                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78084.489227                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78084.489227                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78084.489227                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        392914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       392914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29894663000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29894663000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29894663000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29894663000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76084.494317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76084.494317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76084.494317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76084.494317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     392727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       392679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           392679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30667097000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30667097000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       398046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         398046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.986517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.986517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78097.114946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78097.114946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       392679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29881741000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29881741000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.986517                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986517                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76097.120040                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76097.120040                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.788016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                392727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.017190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.788016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.725734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.725734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1191918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1191918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        392798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            393513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           393513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28321960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28367306000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28321960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28367306000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          393671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         393671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72103.116615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72087.341460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72103.116615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72087.341460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       393513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       393513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27536366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27580282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27536366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27580282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70103.121706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70087.346543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70103.121706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70087.346543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    393124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           393513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28321960000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28367306000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         393671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72103.116615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72087.341460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27536366000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27580282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70103.121706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70087.346543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.444222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 785696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               393124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.970970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.605359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.867893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1179870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1179870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               393671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              393670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        392632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1178459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1179973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50274880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50323328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2356831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  36546556000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                55085283000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  51724                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34321592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    93303                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    58.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              949738612                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5411614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.055085                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55085283000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            601594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5411614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      600959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      746172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        296260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3751628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         55085272                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   55085272                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2394611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       599499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5557322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5557322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10222504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4210106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      600915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1347086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     746171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4209874     75.72%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.02%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.01%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   600599     10.80%     86.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  745995     13.42%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5559740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        593409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       593409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36239898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  36277195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36239898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  36277195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       592797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       593512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       592797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       593512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61134.874980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61133.543644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61134.874980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61133.543644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       584309                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           584309                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       593409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       593409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35054326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35090377000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35054326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35090377000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59134.874980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59133.543644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59134.874980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59133.543644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                584348                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       593409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36239898000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36277195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       593512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61134.874980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61133.543644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       593409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35054326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35090377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59134.874980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59133.543644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8976.719597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1168661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           584348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.459774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8387.259823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.063990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.068487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9061                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.069130                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1779436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1779436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3750871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3750871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3750871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3750871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3751628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3751628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3750871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3750871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3751628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.785540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.785540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3752385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3752385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              593409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             593409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       584309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1771127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1771127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1771127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     75373952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     75373952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                75373952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3514954000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3140411750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        37938304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            37978176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     37395776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         37395776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           592786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               593409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        584309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              584309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             723823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          688719417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689443240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        723823                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            723823                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       678870543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             678870543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       678870543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            723823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         688719417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1368313784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    584309.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    592786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023935750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         36518                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         36518                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1748756                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              547775                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       593409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      584309                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     593409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    584309                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              37150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              37063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              37093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              37049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              37115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              37071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              37073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              37119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              37057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              37042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             37095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             37067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             37102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             37088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             37143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             37082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              36512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              36512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              36512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              36520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              36522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              36523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              36520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              36520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              36521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              36520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             36520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             36521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             36522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             36518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             36515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             36513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5394912250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              16521331000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9091.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27841.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    512051                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   504293                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 593409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                584309                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   593408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   36519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   36518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   36519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   36518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   36518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   36518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   36518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   36518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   36518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   36518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   36518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   36518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   36518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   36518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   36518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   36518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       161345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.122055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.438162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.902514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           100      0.06%      0.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7128      4.42%      4.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13932      8.63%     13.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7068      4.38%     17.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       133093     82.49%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        161345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.249740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002859                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      47.708798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          36517    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          36518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000082                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.015699                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             36517    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          36518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                37978176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 37394624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 37978176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              37395776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        678.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     678.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    55085239000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46772.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     37938304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     37394624                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 723823.094455192331                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 688719417.126349329948                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 678849630.308697938919                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       592786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       584309                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  16504796250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1343765016500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27842.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299750.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             576069480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             306157830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2118266640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1525023000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4347963360.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       23010369900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1775595360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         33659445570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.042437                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4427958500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1839240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  48818084500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             576012360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             306146445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2118673620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1524976020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4347963360.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       23005682790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1779542400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         33658996995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.034294                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4438276750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1839240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  48807766250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           606089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               606089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          606091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              606091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         592914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             592914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        592914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            592914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46319216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46319216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46319216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46319216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1199003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1199003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1199005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1199005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.494506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.494505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78121.305957                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78121.305957                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78121.305957                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78121.305957                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          592632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                592632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        592914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       592914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45133390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45133390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45133390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45133390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76121.309330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76121.309330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76121.309330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76121.309330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     592727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          600722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              600722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       600957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          600957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       592679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           592679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46305824000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  46305824000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       598046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         598046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.991026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78129.685715                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78129.685715                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       592679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45120468000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45120468000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76129.689090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76129.689090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.859358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  599478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                592727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.011390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.859358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1791918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1791918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        592798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            593513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           593513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42760687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  42806033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42760687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  42806033000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          593671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         593671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72133.655984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72123.159897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72133.655984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72123.159897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         592515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               592515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       593513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       593513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41575093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41619009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41575093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41619009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70133.659358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70123.163267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70133.659358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70123.163267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    593124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           593513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42760687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42806033000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         593671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72133.655984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72123.159897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       593513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41575093000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41619009000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70133.659358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70123.163267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.631267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1185696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               593124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.980740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.738174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.912353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1779870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1779870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               593671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              593670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        592632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1778459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1779973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     75874880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 75923328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3556831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  55085283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                73623991000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  62938                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34323968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   113471                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    63.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1158434232                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7211614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.073624                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 73623991000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            801594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7211614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      800959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      996172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        396260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5001628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         73623980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   73623980                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3194611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       799499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7407322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7407322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13622504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5610106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      800915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1797086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     996171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5609874     75.71%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   800599     10.80%     86.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  995995     13.44%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7409740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        793409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       793409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48478606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  48515903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48478606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  48515903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       792797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       793512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       792797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       793512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61149.674692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61148.667333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61149.674692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61148.667333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       784309                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           784309                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       793409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       793409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46893034000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46929085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46893034000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46929085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59149.674692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59148.667333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59149.674692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59148.667333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                784348                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       793409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48478606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48515903000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       792797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       793512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61149.674692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61148.667333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       793409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46893034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46929085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59149.674692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59148.667333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8997.941616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1568661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           784348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.595804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8408.345812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.064151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.068649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9061                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.069130                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2379436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2379436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5000871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5000871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5000871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5000871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5001628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5001628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5000871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5000871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5001628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.839542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.839542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5002385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5002385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              793409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             793409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       784309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2371127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2371127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2371127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    100973952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    100973952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               100973952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4714954000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4198856500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        50738304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            50778176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     50195776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         50195776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           792786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               793409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        784309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              784309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             541563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689154490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689696053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        541563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            541563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       681785588                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             681785588                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       681785588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            541563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689154490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1371481641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    784309.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    792786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023935750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         49018                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         49018                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2341018                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              735275                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       793409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      784309                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     793409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    784309                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              49654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              49567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              49597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              49553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              49619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              49575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              49577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              49621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              49553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              49538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             49591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             49563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             49598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             49584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             49639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             49580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              49016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              49016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              49016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              49024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              49026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              49023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              49016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              49016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              49017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              49016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             49016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             49017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             49018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             49018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             49019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             49017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7225175500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              22101594250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9106.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27856.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    684670                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   676912                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 793409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                784309                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   793408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   49019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   49018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   49019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   49018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   49018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   49018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   49018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   49018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   49018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   49018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   49018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   49018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   49018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   49018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   49018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   49018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       216107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.212113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.634197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.703998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           100      0.05%      0.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9509      4.40%      4.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        18694      8.65%     13.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9449      4.37%     17.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       178331     82.52%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        216107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49018                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.186054                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      41.178846                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          49017    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          49018                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.013550                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             49017    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          49018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                50778176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 50194624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 50778176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              50195776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        681.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     681.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    73623947000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46664.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     50738304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     50194624                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 541562.600158418529                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689154490.416038393974                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 681769940.996542811394                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       792786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       784309                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  22085059500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1803705145500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27857.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299737.92                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             771534120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             410068725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2832052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2046960360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5811421200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       30771452850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2358810240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         45002299935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.245048                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5880767250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2458300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  65284923750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             771548400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             410057340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2832887820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2047038660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5811421200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       30764599170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2364581760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         45002134350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.242799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5895836750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2458300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  65269854250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           806089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               806089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          806091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              806091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         792914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             792914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        792914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            792914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61957924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  61957924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61957924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  61957924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1599003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1599003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1599005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1599005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78139.525850                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78139.525850                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78139.525850                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78139.525850                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          792632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                792632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        792914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       792914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60372098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60372098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60372098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60372098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76139.528373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76139.528373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76139.528373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76139.528373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     792727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          800722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              800722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       800957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          800957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       792679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           792679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61944532000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61944532000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       798046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         798046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.993275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78145.796722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78145.796722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       792679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60359176000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60359176000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76145.799245                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76145.799245                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.894772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  799478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                792727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.008516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.894772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2391918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2391918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        792798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            793513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           793513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57199395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  57244741000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57199395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  57244741000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          793671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         793671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72148.762989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72140.898763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72148.762989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72140.898763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         792515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               792515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       793513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       793513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55613801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55657717000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55613801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55657717000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70148.765512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70140.901283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70148.765512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70140.901283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    793124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           793513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57199395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57244741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         793671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72148.762989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72140.898763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       793513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55613801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55657717000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70148.765512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70140.901283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.724115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1585696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               793124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.985590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.804102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.934423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2379870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2379870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               793671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              793670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        792632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2378459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2379973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    101474880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                101523328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4756831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  73623991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                92162670000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  72597                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34326344                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   130842                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    68.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1338137251                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9011614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.092163                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92162670000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1001594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9011614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1000959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1246172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        496260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6251628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         92162659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   92162659                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3994611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       999499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9257322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9257322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17022504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7010106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1000915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2247086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1246171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7009874     75.70%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1000599     10.81%     86.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1245995     13.46%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9259740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        993409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       993409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60717285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  60754582000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60717285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  60754582000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       992797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       993512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       992797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       993512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61158.482291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61157.672218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61158.482291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61157.672218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       984309                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           984309                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       993409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       993409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58731713000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58767764000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58731713000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58767764000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59158.482291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59157.672218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59158.482291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59157.672218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                984348                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       993409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60717285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  60754582000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       992797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       993512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61158.482291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61157.672218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       993409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58731713000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58767764000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59158.482291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59157.672218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9010.625918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1968661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           984348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.677109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8420.948809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.064247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.068746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9061                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.069130                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2979436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2979436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.871818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.871818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6252385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6252385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              993409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             993409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       984309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2971127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2971127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2971127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    126573952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    126573952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               126573952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          5914954000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5257302000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        63538304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            63578176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     62995776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         62995776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           992786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               993409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        984309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              984309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             432626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689414749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689847375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        432626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            432626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       683528114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             683528114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       683528114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            432626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689414749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1373375489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    984309.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    992786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023935750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         61518                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         61518                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2933280                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              922775                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       993409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      984309                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     993409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    984309                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              62150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              62063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              62093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              62049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              62115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              62071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              62073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              62119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              62057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              62042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             62095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             62067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             62102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             62088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             62143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             62082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              61512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              61512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              61512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              61520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              61522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              61523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              61520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              61520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              61521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              61520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             61520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             61521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             61522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             61518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             61515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             61513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    9055409000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              27681827750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9115.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27865.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    857289                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   849531                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 993409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                984309                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   993408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   61519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   61518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   61519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   61518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   61518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   61518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   61518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   61518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   61518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   61518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   61518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   61518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   61518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   61518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   61518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   61518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       270871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.266086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.751450                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.585219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           100      0.04%      0.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11890      4.39%      4.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23456      8.66%     13.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11830      4.37%     17.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       223571     82.54%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        270871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        61518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.148249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001697                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      36.757914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          61517    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          61518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        61518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.012095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             61517    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          61518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                63578176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 62994624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 63578176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              62995776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        683.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     683.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    92162626000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46600.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     63538304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     62994624                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 432626.355117532948                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689414748.943362832069                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 683515614.293726444244                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       992786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       984309                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  27665293000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2263641807500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27866.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299726.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             967070160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             513979620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           3546266640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2569023000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7274879040.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       38530748280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2943519360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         56345486100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.369941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7337467000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3077360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  81747843000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             967013040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             513975825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           3546673620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2568976020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7274879040.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       38524807170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2948522400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         56344847115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.363008                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7350536500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3077360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  81734773500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1006089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1006089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1006091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1006091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         992914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             992914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        992914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            992914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77596603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77596603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77596603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77596603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1999003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1999003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1999005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1999005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.496705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.496704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78150.376568                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78150.376568                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78150.376568                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78150.376568                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          992632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                992632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        992914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       992914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75610777000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75610777000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75610777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75610777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76150.378583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76150.378583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76150.378583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76150.378583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     992727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1000722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1000722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1000957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1000957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       992679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           992679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77583211000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  77583211000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       998046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         998046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.994622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78155.386585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78155.386585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       992679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75597855000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75597855000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994622                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994622                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76155.388600                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76155.388600                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.915939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  999478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                992727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.915939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2991918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2991918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        992798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            993513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           993513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71638074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  71683420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71638074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  71683420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          993671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         993671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72157.754145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72151.466564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72157.754145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72151.466564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         992515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               992515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       993513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       993513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69652480000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  69696396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69652480000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  69696396000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70157.756160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70151.468577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70157.756160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70151.468577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    993124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           993513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71638074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71683420000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         993671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72157.754145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72151.466564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       993513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69652480000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69696396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70157.756160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70151.468577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.779610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1985696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               993124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.988488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.843508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.947614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2979870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2979870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               993671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              993670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        992632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2978459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2979973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    127074880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                127123328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           5956831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          4964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  92162670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               110701383000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  80977                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34330784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   145915                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    74.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1494043258                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.110701                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                110701383000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1201594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1200959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1496172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        596260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7501628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        110701372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  110701372                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4794611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1199499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11107322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11107322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20422504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8410106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1200915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2697086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1496171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8409874     75.70%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1200599     10.81%     86.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1495995     13.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11109740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total       1193409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total      1193409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72955998000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  72993295000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72955998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  72993295000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1192797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total      1193512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1192797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total      1193512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61164.364773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61163.687386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61164.364773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61163.687386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks      1184309                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total          1184309                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total      1193409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total      1193409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70570426000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70606477000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70570426000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70606477000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59164.364773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59163.687386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59164.364773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59163.687386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements               1184348                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total      1193409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72955998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72993295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1192797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total      1193512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61164.364773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61163.687386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1193409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70570426000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70606477000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59164.364773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59163.687386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9019.061862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            2368661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs          1184348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.731182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8429.330680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.064311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.068810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9061                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.069130                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          3579436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         3579436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.893284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.893284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7502385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7502385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1193409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1193409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1184309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3571127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3571127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3571127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    152173952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    152173952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               152173952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          7114954000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         6315746250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        76338304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            76378176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     75795776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         75795776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data          1192786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1193409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1184309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1184309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             360176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689587627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689947803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        360176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            360176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       684686803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             684686803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       684686803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            360176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689587627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1374634606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1184309.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   1192786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023935750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         74018                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         74018                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              3525542                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1110275                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1193409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1184309                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1193409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1184309                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              74654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              74567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              74597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              74553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              74619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              74575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              74577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              74621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              74553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              74538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             74591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             74563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             74598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             74584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             74639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             74580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              74016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              74016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              74016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              74024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              74026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              74023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              74016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              74016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              74017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              74016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             74016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             74017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             74018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             74018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             74019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             74017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   10885677750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  5967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              33262096500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9121.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27871.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   1029908                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1022150                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1193409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1184309                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1193408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   74019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   74018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   74019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   74018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   74018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   74018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   74018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   74018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   74018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   74018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   74018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   74018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   74018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   74018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   74018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   74018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       325633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.301631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.828914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.506564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           100      0.03%      0.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14271      4.38%      4.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        28218      8.67%     13.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14211      4.36%     17.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       268809     82.55%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        325633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        74018                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.123213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001411                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      33.510684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          74017    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          74018                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        74018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.011027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             74017    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          74018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                76378176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 75794624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 76378176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              75795776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        684.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     684.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   110701339000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46557.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     76338304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     75794624                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 360176.168711460428                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689587626.922420620918                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 684676396.499942541122                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1184309                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  33245561750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2723580098500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27872.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299720.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy            1162534800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             617898105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           4260052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          3090960360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      8738336880.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       46290572670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3527796480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         67688151735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.448113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8793042250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3696420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  98211920750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy            1162549080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             617879130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           4260887820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          3091038660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      8738336880.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       46284669180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3532767840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         67688128590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.447904                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8806027750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3696420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  98198935250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total            1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total           1192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93235316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93235316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93235316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93235316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78157.617397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78157.617397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78157.617397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78157.617397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total               1192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90849490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  90849490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90849490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  90849490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76157.619074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76157.619074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76157.619074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76157.619074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                    1192727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          1192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93221924000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  93221924000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78161.788713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78161.788713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90836568000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  90836568000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995520                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995520                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76161.790390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76161.790390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.930016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1199478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1192727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.005660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.930016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3591918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3591918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       1192798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1193513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1193513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86076787000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  86122133000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86076787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  86122133000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1193671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1193671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72163.758658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72158.521105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72163.758658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72158.521105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1193513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1193513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83691193000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  83735109000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83691193000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  83735109000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70163.760335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70158.522781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70163.760335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70158.522781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                   1193124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          1193513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86076787000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86122133000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        1193671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72163.758658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72158.521105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1193513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83691193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  83735109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70163.760335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70158.522781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.816517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2385696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1193124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.990416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.869715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.956387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              3579870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             3579870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq              1193671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp             1193670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1192632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3578459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 3579973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    152674880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                152723328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           7156831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          5964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 110701383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               129240093000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  88748                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34333292                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   159894                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    78.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1638547347                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12611612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.129240                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                129240093000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1401594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12611612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1400958                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1746171                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        696260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8751627                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        129240093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  129240093                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5594611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1399499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12957320                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12957320                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            23822496                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9810104                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1400914                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3147085                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1746171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9809873     75.69%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1400598     10.81%     86.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1745995     13.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12959738                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total       1393409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total      1393409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85194725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  85232022000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85194725000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  85232022000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total      1393512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total      1393512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61168.567892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61167.985853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61168.567892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61167.985853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks      1384309                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total          1384309                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total      1393409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total      1393409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82409153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  82445204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82409153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  82445204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59168.567892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59167.985853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59168.567892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59167.985853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements               1384348                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total      1393409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85194725000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85232022000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61168.567892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61167.985853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1393409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82409153000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  82445204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59168.567892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59167.985853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9025.077634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            2786027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs          1393409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.769743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8435.307892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.064356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.068856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9061                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.069130                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          4179436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         4179436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8750870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8750870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8750870                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8750870                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8751627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8751627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8750870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8750870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8751627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.908592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8751627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              11560.933950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.908592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8752384                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8752384                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1393409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1393409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1384309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4171127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4171127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4171127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    177773952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    177773952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               177773952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          8314954000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         7374191500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        89138304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            89178176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     88595776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         88595776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data          1392786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1393409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1384309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1384309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             308511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689710924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              690019435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        308511                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            308511                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       685513094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             685513094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       685513094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            308511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689710924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1375532529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1384309.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   1392786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023935750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         86518                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         86518                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              4117804                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1297775                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1393409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1384309                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1393409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1384309                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              87150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              87063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              87093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              87049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              87115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              87071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              87073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              87119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              87057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              87042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             87095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             87067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             87102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             87088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             87143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             87082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              86512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              86512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              86512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              86520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              86522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              86523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              86520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              86520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              86521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              86520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             86520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             86521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             86522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             86518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             86515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             86513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   12715959500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  6967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              38842378250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9125.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27875.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   1202527                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1194769                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1393409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1384309                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1393408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   86519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   86518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   86519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   86518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   86518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   86518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   86518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   86518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   86518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   86518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   86518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   86518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   86518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   86518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   86518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   86518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       380395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.326942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.884083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.450513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           100      0.03%      0.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16652      4.38%      4.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        32980      8.67%     13.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16592      4.36%     17.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       314047     82.56%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        380395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        86518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.105412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      30.995506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          86517    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          86518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        86518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.010199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             86517    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          86518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                89178176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 88594624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 89178176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              88595776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        690.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        685.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     690.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     685.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   129240066000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46527.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     89138304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     88594624                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 308511.074810198392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689710924.302723884583                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 685504180.192751765251                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1384309                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  38825843500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 3183519748500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27876.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299717.58                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy            1358070840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             721801410                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           4974266640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          3613023000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      10201794720.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       54050517900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4111970400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         79031444910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.508728                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10248348500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   4315480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 114676264500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy            1358013720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             721797615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           4974673620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          3612976020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      10201794720.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       54043910460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4117534560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         79030700715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.502970                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10262878500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   4315480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 114661734500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1406088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1406088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1406090                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1406090                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total            1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1392913                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total           1392913                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108874043000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 108874043000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108874043000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 108874043000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2799001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2799001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2799003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2799003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78162.845059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78162.845059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78162.845059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78162.845059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total               1392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1392913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106088217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 106088217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106088217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 106088217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76162.845059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76162.845059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76162.845059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76162.845059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                    1392727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1400721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1400721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1400956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1400956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392678                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          1392678                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108860651000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 108860651000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1398045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1398045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996161                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.996161                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78166.418224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78166.418224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1392678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106075295000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 106075295000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996161                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996161                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76166.418224                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76166.418224                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.940055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2799003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1392913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.009460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.940055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4191916                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4191916                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       1392797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1393512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1393512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100515514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 100560860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100515514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 100560860000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1393670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1393670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72168.100592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72163.612513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72168.100592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72163.612513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1393512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1393512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97729920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  97773836000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97729920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  97773836000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70168.100592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70163.612513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70168.100592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70163.612513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                   1393124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          1393512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100515514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 100560860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        1393670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72168.100592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72163.612513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1393512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97729920000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97773836000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70168.100592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70163.612513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.842837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2786302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1393567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.991791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.888403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.962643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.531032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              4179869                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             4179869                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq              1393670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp             1393670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1392632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4178458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 4179972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    178274880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                178323328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           8356830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          6964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 129240093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
