
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6534715000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 212094                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1293892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   353851                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1385810941                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000050                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1668544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006535                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6534715000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            148314                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000050                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1668544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      161924                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      367258                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1335853                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6534704                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6534704                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               897152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              778518                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       111281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 271916                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        271916                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               268592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                7053                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       32285                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1663090                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1663090                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3550379                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1145575                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      161898                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        529154                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     367256                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   924      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1133677     67.92%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.19%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.05%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.02%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     483      0.03%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 274      0.02%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                137      0.01%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   159718      9.57%     77.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  102820      6.16%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2180      0.13%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436     15.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1669072                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1330368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1330368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1330368                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1330368                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           5485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               5485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          5485                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              5485                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    210482000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    210482000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    210482000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    210482000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1335853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1335853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38374.111212                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38374.111212                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38374.111212                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38374.111212                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          5485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199512000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199512000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199512000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    199512000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36374.111212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36374.111212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36374.111212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36374.111212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       5251                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1330368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1330368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          5485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              5485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    210482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    210482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1335853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38374.111212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38374.111212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36374.111212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36374.111212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               231.319997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  255412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  5251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 48.640640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   231.319997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.903594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.903594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1341338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1341338                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               37809                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              37809                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       110123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       110123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 110123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4628096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4628096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4628096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           210334000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          199513500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          139584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2280192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2419776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       139584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         139584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2208320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2208320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            35628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                37809                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         34505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               34505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           21360381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          348935187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              370295568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      21360381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          21360381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       337936697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             337936697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       337936697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          21360381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         348935187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             708232264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     34182.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2181.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     35427.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001090288750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2118                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2118                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               109278                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               32068                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        37809                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       34505                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      37809                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     34505                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     201                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    323                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     320057500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   188040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1025207500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8510.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27260.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     33613                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    31624                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  37809                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 34505                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    37606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     703.941140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    516.367500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    387.010120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           669     10.25%     10.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          690     10.58%     20.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          454      6.96%     27.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          406      6.22%     34.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          319      4.89%     38.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          167      2.56%     41.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          133      2.04%     43.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          182      2.79%     46.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3504     53.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.458451                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.358762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      23.985764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            2095     98.91%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             13      0.61%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              2      0.09%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             3      0.14%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            2      0.09%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.126062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.119737                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.467832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1958     92.45%     92.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                61      2.88%     95.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                91      4.30%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 8      0.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2406912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    12864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2185920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2419776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2208320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        368.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        334.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     370.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     337.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          5.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6534439000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       90362.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       139584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2267328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2185920                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 21360380.674597132951                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 346966623.640051662922                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 334508850.041662096977                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        34505                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     59847750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    965359750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 148511654250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27440.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27095.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4304061.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              20141940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10705695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            124300260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            87523740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      515682960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1548173580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1205605440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3512133615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         537.457810                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3108575000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    218140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3208000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              26453700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14052885                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            144220860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            90765360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      515682960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2296814430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         575171040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3663161235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         560.569395                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1463022500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    218140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4853552500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           489211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               489211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          489212                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              489212                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          39003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              39003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         39442                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             39442                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2637934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2637934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2669218000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2669218000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       528214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           528214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       528654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          528654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.073839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.074608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.074608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67634.130708                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67634.130708                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67674.509406                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67674.509406                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           35944                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 35944                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2559930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2559930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2590336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2590336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.074608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65634.181986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65634.181986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65674.560114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65674.560114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      39185                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          156677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              156677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156022000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156022000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       161484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          161484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.029768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32457.249844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32457.249844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    146410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30457.665904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30457.665904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         332534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             332534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2481912000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2481912000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       366730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         366730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.093246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72579.015089                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72579.015089                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2413520000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2413520000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70579.015089                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70579.015089                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     31284000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     31284000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30406000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30406000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.977762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  509048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 39185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 12.990889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.977762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.984288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                568095                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               568095                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3813                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         35629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             37810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            37810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147787000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2398247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2546034000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2398247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2546034000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           44927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          44927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.841587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.841587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67761.118753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67311.656235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67337.582650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67761.118753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67311.656235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67337.582650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2326991000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2470416000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2326991000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2470416000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65761.118753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65311.712369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65337.635546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65761.118753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65311.712369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65337.635546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38916                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               7117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            37810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147787000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2398247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2546034000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          44927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.841587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67761.118753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67311.656235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67337.582650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2326991000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2470416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65761.118753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65311.712369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65337.635546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.920061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.009199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    41.009237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    26.097348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   434.813475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.080096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.050971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.849245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               120299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              120299                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                44927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               44926                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         35944                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       114827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  125797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4824640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       351040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5175680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            27425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            224647000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           197205000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6534715000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10696731000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 222070                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   354010                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1187486854                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000315                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3188856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010697                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10696731000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            255920                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000315                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3188856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      467884                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      501176                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2654204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10696720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10696720                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1751771                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1639958                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       174997                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 274220                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        274220                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               271664                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                8973                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       73502                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3180344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3180344                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7038725                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2420537                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467859                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        969033                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     501174                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1872      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2211626     69.34%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.10%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.03%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     69.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     867      0.03%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1042      0.03%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                521      0.02%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   464911     14.58%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  236738      7.42%     91.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2948      0.09%     91.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      8.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3189384                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2641853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2641853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2641853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2641853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         12351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             12351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    707867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    707867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    707867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    707867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57312.525302                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57312.525302                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57312.525302                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57312.525302                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    683167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    683167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    683167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    683167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55312.687232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55312.687232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55312.687232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55312.687232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      12116                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2641853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2641853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    707867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    707867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2654204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57312.525302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57312.525302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    683167000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    683167000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55312.687232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55312.687232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.362766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  491126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 12116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.535325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.362766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.907667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.907667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2666554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2666554                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               45942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              45942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       126748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       126748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 126748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5171584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      5171584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5171584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           220262000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          242741250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          578944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2361344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2940288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       578944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         578944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2231296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2231296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             9046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            36896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                45942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         34864                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               34864                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           54123451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          220753799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              274877250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      54123451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          54123451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       208596065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             208596065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       208596065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          54123451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         220753799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             483473315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     34284.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9046.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     36634.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003888939750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2124                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2124                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               126846                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               32168                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        45942                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       34864                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      45942                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     34864                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     262                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    580                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     389092750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   228400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1245592750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8517.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27267.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     39688                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    31713                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  45942                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 34864                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    45678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         8537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     599.217524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    411.683560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    395.024191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1240     14.53%     14.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1046     12.25%     26.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          578      6.77%     33.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1305     15.29%     48.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          380      4.45%     53.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          167      1.96%     55.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          134      1.57%     56.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          183      2.14%     58.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3504     41.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          8537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       20.850753                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.555671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      72.565093                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            2108     99.25%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             5      0.24%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      0.09%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.05%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            2      0.09%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.05%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.05%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.05%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.130414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.123867                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.475928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1959     92.23%     92.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                61      2.87%     95.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                96      4.52%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 8      0.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2923520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    16768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2192704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2940288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2231296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        273.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        204.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     274.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     208.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10695225000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      132356.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       578944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2344576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2192704                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 54123451.360981225967                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 219186216.798384487629                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 204988234.255867540836                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        34864                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    239418500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1006174250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 240693656750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26466.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27270.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   6903787.77                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              22198260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              11798655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            127063440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            87758640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      843900720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2106168810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2333928960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5532817485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         517.243771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6035852250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    356980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4303898750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              38777340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              20599260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            199091760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            91083780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      843900720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4112580210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         644319360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5950352430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         556.277654                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1628242250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    356980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8711508750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           924554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               924554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          924555                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              924555                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         43977                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             43977                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2786025000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2786025000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2817309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2817309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       968092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           968092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       968532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          968532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63990.651844                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63990.651844                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64063.237601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64063.237601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2698949000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2698949000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2729355000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2729355000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61990.651844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61990.651844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62063.237601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62063.237601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43721                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          458537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              458537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       467444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          467444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33097.900528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33097.900528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31097.900528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31097.900528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         466017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             466017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2491222000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2491222000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.069172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71936.184344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71936.184344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2421960000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2421960000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69936.184344                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69936.184344                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     31284000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     31284000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30406000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30406000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.542784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  926116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.182407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.542784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1012509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1012509                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7081                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         36896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             45943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            45943                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603982000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2489710000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3093692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603982000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2489710000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3093692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           56328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          56328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.815633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.815633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66760.473085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67479.130529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67337.614000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66760.473085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67479.130529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67337.614000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34864                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34864                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    585890000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2415918000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3001808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    585890000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2415918000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3001808000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64760.694153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65479.130529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65337.657532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64760.694153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65479.130529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65337.657532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47359                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            45943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603982000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2489710000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3093692000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          56328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.815633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66760.473085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67479.130529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67337.614000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    585890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2415918000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3001808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64760.694153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65479.130529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65337.657532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.842088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.868473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    63.801034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    21.969819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   420.071235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.124611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.042910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.820452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               140648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              140648                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                56328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               56327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       124403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  149104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5147264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       790400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5937664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            61750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            238573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           219885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10696731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14844458000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 215745                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   338670                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    13.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1067414049                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000297                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4709850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14844458000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364093                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000297                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4709850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      774022                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      634790                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3971831                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14844447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14844447                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2609286                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2501190                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       239375                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 276614                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        276614                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               274856                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10968                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      114614                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4698256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4698256                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10526373                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3695864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      773997                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1408785                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     634788                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2811      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3290333     69.85%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.07%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.02%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1266      0.03%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1840      0.04%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                920      0.02%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   770251     16.35%     86.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  370352      7.86%     94.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3746      0.08%     94.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      5.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4710378                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3952628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3952628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3952628                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3952628                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          19203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              19203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         19203                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             19203                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1201949000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1201949000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1201949000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1201949000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3971831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3971831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62591.730459                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62591.730459                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62591.730459                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62591.730459                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1163545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1163545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1163545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1163545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60591.834609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60591.834609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60591.834609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60591.834609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18968                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3952628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3952628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         19203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             19203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1201949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1201949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3971831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62591.730459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62591.730459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1163545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1163545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60591.834609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60591.834609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.820229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  726378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.294918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.820229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.909454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.909454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3991033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3991033                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               53879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              53879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        35146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       142904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       142904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 142904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5697600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      5697600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5697600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           229609000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          284896750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1017472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2430784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3448256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1017472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1017472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2249344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2249344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            15898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            37981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                53879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         35146                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               35146                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           68542213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          163750270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              232292482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      68542213                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          68542213                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       151527526                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             151527526                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       151527526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          68542213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         163750270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             383820009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     34381.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     15898.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     37652.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004658490750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2129                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2129                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               143930                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               32253                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        53879                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       35146                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      53879                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     35146                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     329                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    765                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               9997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               3013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              10135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     452690750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   267750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1456753250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8453.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27203.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     45709                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    31787                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  85.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  53879                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 35146                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    53548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     540.873846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    365.725461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    384.908339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1689     16.24%     16.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1392     13.38%     29.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          672      6.46%     36.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2216     21.31%     57.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          440      4.23%     61.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          169      1.62%     63.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          134      1.29%     64.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          184      1.77%     66.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3504     33.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       24.385157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.727823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     108.961033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           2113     99.25%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.09%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.05%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.14%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.14%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.05%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.05%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.09%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.133866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.127144                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.482226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1960     92.06%     92.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                61      2.87%     94.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               100      4.70%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 8      0.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3427200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    21056                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2198336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3448256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2249344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        230.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        148.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     232.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     151.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14842965000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      166728.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1017472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2409728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2198336                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 68542212.858158916235                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 162331827.810756057501                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 148091361.772858262062                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        35146                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    416292000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1040461250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 334007754250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26185.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27394.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   9503435.79                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     88.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              24083220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12800535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            129919440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            88050960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1171503840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2623603980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3490921440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7540883415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.993179                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9038263500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    495560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5310634500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              50194200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              26667465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            252427560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            91250820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1171503840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5921806380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         713487840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8227338105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         554.236342                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1793462000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    495560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12555436000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1359536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1359536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1359537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1359537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          48308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              48308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         48747                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             48747                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2925316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2925316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2956600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2956600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1407844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1407844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1408284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1408284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60555.518755                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60555.518755                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60651.937555                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60651.937555                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37194                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37194                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         48308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2828700000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2828700000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2859106000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2859106000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58555.518755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58555.518755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58651.937555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58651.937555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      48491                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          760608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              760608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    420437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       773582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          773582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32406.119932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32406.119932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394489000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    394489000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30406.119932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30406.119932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         598928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             598928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2504879000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2504879000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       634262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         634262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.055709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70891.464312                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70891.464312                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2434211000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2434211000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68891.464312                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68891.464312                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     31284000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     31284000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30406000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30406000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.229361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1368649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 48491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.224805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.229361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1457031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1457031                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10766                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14070                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         37981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             53880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            53880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1056952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2567181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3624133000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1056952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2567181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3624133000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           67950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          67950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.792936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.792936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66479.149632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67591.190332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67263.047513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66479.149632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67591.190332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67263.047513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1025156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2491219000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3516375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1025156000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2491219000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3516375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64479.275426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65591.190332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65263.084633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64479.275426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65591.190332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65263.084633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55517                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            53880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1056952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2567181000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3624133000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          67950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.792936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66479.149632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67591.190332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67263.047513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1025156000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2491219000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3516375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64479.275426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65591.190332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65263.084633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.562685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  99955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.800440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    74.660222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    19.226790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   413.675674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.145821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.037552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.807960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               161173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              161173                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                67950                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               67949                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37194                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       134688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        38405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  173093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5500224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1228928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6729152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            96010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            253920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           243735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14844458000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19086964000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 215860                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   336206                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1030011312                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6230154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019087                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19086964000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            472895                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6230154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1079986                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      767985                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5289764                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19086953                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19086953                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3466072                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3361292                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       304755                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 277652                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        277652                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               276240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      155585                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6215936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6215936                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14013525                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4971201                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1079961                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1847944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     767983                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  3862      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4369735     70.13%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.05%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1439      0.02%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2186      0.04%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1093      0.02%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1075869     17.27%     87.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  503547      8.08%     95.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4092      0.07%     95.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      4.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6230682                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5263728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5263728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5263728                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5263728                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          26036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              26036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         26036                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             26036                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1696210000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1696210000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1696210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1696210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5289764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5289764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65148.640344                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65148.640344                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65148.640344                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65148.640344                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1644140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1644140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1644140000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1644140000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63148.717161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63148.717161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63148.717161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63148.717161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      25801                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5263728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5263728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1696210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1696210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5289764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65148.640344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65148.640344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1644140000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1644140000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63148.717161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63148.717161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.082460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  960962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 25801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 37.245146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.082460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.910478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5315799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5315799                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               62690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              62690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        35369                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       160749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       160749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 160749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6275776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6275776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6275776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           239535000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          331739250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1454784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2557376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4012160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1454784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1454784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2263616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2263616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            22731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            39959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                62690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         35369                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               35369                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           76218722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          133985478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              210204200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      76218722                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          76218722                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       118594869                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             118594869                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       118594869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          76218722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         133985478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             328799069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     34466.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     22731.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     39592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006650342500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2134                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2134                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               162788                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               32336                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        62690                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       35369                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      62690                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     35369                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     367                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    903                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              13484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               4002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               3158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              13607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     529278500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   311615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1697834750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8492.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27242.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     52200                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    31864                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  83.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  62690                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 35369                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    62321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     487.881500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    326.097628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    371.812160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2208     17.40%     17.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2042     16.09%     33.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          781      6.15%     39.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3201     25.22%     64.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          464      3.66%     68.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          171      1.35%     69.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          136      1.07%     70.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          184      1.45%     72.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3505     27.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       28.514995                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.911222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     139.263128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           2113     99.02%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.09%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.05%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.14%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.14%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.05%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.05%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            3      0.14%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.09%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.05%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.05%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.137301                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.130406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.488389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1961     91.89%     91.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                61      2.86%     94.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               104      4.87%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 8      0.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3988672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    23488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2203968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4012160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2263616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        208.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        115.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     210.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     118.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19086690000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      194644.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1454784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2533888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2203968                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 76218721.845967739820                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 132754900.150699704885                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 115469804.417297571898                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        35369                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    594228500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1103606250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 433596595000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26141.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27618.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  12259226.87                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              27496140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14610750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            135952740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            88275420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1506482640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3692357970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4220040480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9685216140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.425704                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10923417000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    637260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7526287000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              63153300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              33555390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            309033480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            91485720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1506482640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7775572920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         781543680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10560827130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         553.300521                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1955465750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    637260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16494238250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1790996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1790996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1790997                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1790997                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         56446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             56446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3165665000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3165665000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3196949000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3196949000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1847003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1847003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1847443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1847443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56522.666810                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56522.666810                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56637.299366                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56637.299366                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3053651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3053651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3084057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3084057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54522.666810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54522.666810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54637.299366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54637.299366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      56190                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1059447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1059447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    649606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    649606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1079546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1079546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32320.314444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32320.314444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    609408000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    609408000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30320.314444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30320.314444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         731549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             731549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2516059000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2516059000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       767457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         767457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.046788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70069.594519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70069.594519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2444243000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2444243000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68069.594519                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68069.594519                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     31284000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     31284000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30406000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30406000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.622925                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1761194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 56190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.343549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.622925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1903889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1903889                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19791                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         39959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             62691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            62691                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1510215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2709847000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4220062000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1510215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2709847000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4220062000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           82482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          82482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.760057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.760057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66435.641387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67815.686078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67315.276515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66435.641387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67815.686078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67315.276515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1464753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2629929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4094682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1464753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2629929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4094682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64435.729368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65815.686078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65315.308417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64435.729368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65815.686078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65315.308417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64492                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            62691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1510215000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2709847000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4220062000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          82482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.760057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66435.641387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67815.686078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67315.276515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1464753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2629929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4094682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64435.729368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65815.686078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65315.308417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.548978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 113232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.755753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    79.833142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    15.957011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   412.758825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.155924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.806170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               185279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              185279                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                82482                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               82481                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37793                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       150685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  202756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6031296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1666240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7697536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           130175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            271447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           282230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19086964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23318051000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 224238                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   347653                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1045739510                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7751997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023318                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23318051000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            582428                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7751997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1386339                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      901065                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6607444                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23318051                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23318051                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4325546                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4221912                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370925                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 278396                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        278396                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               277232                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               12453                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      196550                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7735257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7735257                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17502252                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6247661                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1386314                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2287377                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     901063                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4938      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5450573     70.31%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.04%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1563      0.02%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2434      0.03%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1217      0.02%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1381974     17.83%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636627      8.21%     96.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4340      0.06%     96.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      3.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7752525                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6574586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6574586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6574586                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6574586                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          32858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              32858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         32858                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             32858                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2193586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2193586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2193586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2193586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6607444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6607444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66759.571489                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66759.571489                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66759.571489                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66759.571489                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2127870000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2127870000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2127870000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2127870000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64759.571489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64759.571489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64759.571489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64759.571489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      32624                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6574586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6574586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         32858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             32858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2193586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2193586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6607444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66759.571489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66759.571489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2127870000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2127870000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64759.571489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64759.571489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.248949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6607444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 32858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                201.090876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.248949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6640302                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6640302                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               71409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              71409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        35554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       178372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       178372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 178372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6845632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6845632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6845632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           249179000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          378159000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1891456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2678720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4570176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1891456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1891456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2275456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2275456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            29554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            41855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                71409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         35554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               35554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           81115527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          114877526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              195993053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      81115527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          81115527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        97583456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              97583456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        97583456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          81115527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         114877526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             293576509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     34529.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     29554.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     41468.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011958608500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2138                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2138                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               181454                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               32400                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        71409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       35554                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      71409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     35554                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     387                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1025                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              17008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               4749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               3290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              17100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              4527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     612042500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   355110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1943705000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8617.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27367.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     58493                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    31922                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  82.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  71409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 35554                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    71020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        15108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     446.991792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    296.073196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    358.583305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2861     18.94%     18.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2739     18.13%     37.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          872      5.77%     42.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4143     27.42%     70.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          494      3.27%     73.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          172      1.14%     74.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          137      0.91%     75.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          185      1.22%     76.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3505     23.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         15108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       32.299345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.062021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     167.275896                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           2113     98.83%     98.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.09%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.05%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.14%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.14%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.05%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.05%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            4      0.19%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      0.14%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.09%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.05%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.05%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.138915                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.131938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.491263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1963     91.81%     91.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                61      2.85%     94.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               106      4.96%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 8      0.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4545408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    24768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2208320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4570176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2275456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        194.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         94.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     195.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      97.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23317154000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      217992.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1891456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2653952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2208320                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 81115527.193932294846                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 113815344.172632619739                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 94704312.980531692505                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        35554                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    775721750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1167983250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 530874171000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26247.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27905.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  14931489.31                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     85.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              30973320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              16458915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            141493380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            88426800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1840232160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4790445870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4920072000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11828102445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.250904                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12732763500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    778440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9806847500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              76926360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              40875945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            365603700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            91689300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1840232160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9625786080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         848206560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12889320105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         552.761468                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2113847250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    778440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20425763750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2223764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2223764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2223765                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2223765                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         63111                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             63111                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3389393000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3389393000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3420677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3420677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2286436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2286436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2286876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2286876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54081.455834                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54081.455834                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54200.963382                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54200.963382                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38099                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38099                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3264049000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3264049000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3294455000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3294455000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52081.455834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52081.455834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52200.963382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52200.963382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62855                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1359436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1359436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         26463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             26463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    865896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    865896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1385899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1385899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32721.006689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32721.006689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    812970000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    812970000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30721.006689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30721.006689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         864328                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             864328                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2523497000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2523497000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       900537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         900537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.040208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69692.535005                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69692.535005                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2451079000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2451079000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040208                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040208                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67692.535005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67692.535005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     31284000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     31284000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30406000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30406000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69261.958998                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.872797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2286876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 63111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 36.235775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.872797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2349987                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2349987                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             71409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            71409                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1966653000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2850664000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4817317000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1966653000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2850664000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4817317000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        32858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           95969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        32858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          95969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.744084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.744084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66544.393314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68108.087445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67460.922293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66544.393314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68108.087445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67460.922293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1907545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2766954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4674499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1907545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2766954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4674499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64544.393314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66108.087445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65460.922293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64544.393314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66108.087445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65460.922293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73358                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            71409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1966653000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2850664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4817317000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        32858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          95969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.744084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66544.393314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68108.087445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67460.922293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1907545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2766954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4674499000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64544.393314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66108.087445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65460.922293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.175170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 134068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                73870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.814918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    83.332756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    13.620351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   412.222063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.162759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.026602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.805121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               207938                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              207938                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                95969                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               95969                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38099                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       164321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  230037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6477440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2102912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           164290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            286464000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           315555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23318051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
