
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4649874000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 214922                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1343764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   442811                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              999068062                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2060908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004650                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4649874000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            239610                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000201                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2060908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      201651                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            74                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      139464                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            62                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1319845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4649863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4649863                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1493498                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              634819                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176827                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  81407                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         81407                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136568                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69051                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43021                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1990455                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1990455                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3845604                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1603940                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      201373                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        340746                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     139373                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14342      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1643775     79.76%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       20      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2029      0.10%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20512      1.00%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      454      0.02%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14402      0.70%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24566      1.19%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   190021      9.22%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137380      6.67%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11352      0.55%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2060933                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1303766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1303766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1303766                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1303766                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          16079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              16079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         16079                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             16079                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1013943000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1013943000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1013943000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1013943000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1319845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63060.078363                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63060.078363                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63060.078363                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63060.078363                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    981787000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    981787000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    981787000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    981787000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61060.202749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61060.202749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61060.202749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61060.202749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15822                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1303766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1303766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         16079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             16079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1013943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1013943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63060.078363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63060.078363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    981787000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    981787000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61060.202749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61060.202749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.076842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1117186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 70.609657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.076842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1335923                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1335923                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               16447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        35842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        35842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  35842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1241280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1241280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1241280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            31187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           88428500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          797888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1052608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       797888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         797888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       188672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           188672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            12467                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                16447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2948                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2948                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          171593467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           54779979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              226373446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     171593467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         171593467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        40575723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              40575723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        40575723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         171593467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          54779979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             266949169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1970.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     12467.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3317.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000933570500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           113                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           113                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                35657                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1841                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        16447                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2948                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      16447                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2948                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     663                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    978                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     189020250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    78920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                484970250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11975.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30725.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9294                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1593                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  16447                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2948                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     165.699270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    126.654941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    147.340037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2861     41.77%     41.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2401     35.05%     76.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1035     15.11%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          274      4.00%     95.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          114      1.66%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           70      1.02%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      0.60%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.26%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           36      0.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      139.548673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     106.257199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     125.173950                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31               5      4.42%      4.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             20     17.70%     22.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             23     20.35%     42.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            16     14.16%     56.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           18     15.93%     72.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           10      8.85%     81.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            6      5.31%     86.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            3      2.65%     89.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            5      4.42%     93.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            1      0.88%     94.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.88%     95.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.88%     96.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.88%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            2      1.77%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.292035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.263065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.997151                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                40     35.40%     35.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      3.54%     38.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                65     57.52%     96.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      3.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1010176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    42432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   125056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1052608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                188672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        217.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         26.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     226.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      40.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4648876000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      239694.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       797888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       212288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       125056                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 171593466.833724945784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 45654570.424919039011                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 26894492.194842267781                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2948                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    381030750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    103939500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 110626237000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30563.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26115.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  37525860.58                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              30509220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              16212240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             69179460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6608520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      366940080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1952564640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         141287040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2583301200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         555.563699                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    349530500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    155220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4145123500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18406920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9783510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             43518300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3591360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      366940080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1709912220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         345625920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2497778310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         537.171181                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    882222750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    155220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3612431250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           333963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               333963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          333963                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              333963                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329002000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    329002000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    329002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       341090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           341090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       341090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          341090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46162.761330                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46162.761330                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46162.761330                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46162.761330                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3963                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3963                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314748000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    314748000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    314748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44162.761330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44162.761330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44162.761330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44162.761330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6871                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          197308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              197308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    176203000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    176203000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40571.724614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40571.724614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    167517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38571.724614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38571.724614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         136655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             136655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152799000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    152799000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       139439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         139439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54884.698276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54884.698276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147231000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147231000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52884.698276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52884.698276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.363170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  291894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.482026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.363170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                348217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               348217                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3611                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3147                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6758                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             16448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            16448                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    884610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1142478000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    884610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1142478000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           23206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          23206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.708782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.708782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70950.433109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64790.954774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69459.995136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70950.433109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64790.954774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69459.995136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    859676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249908000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1109584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    859676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1109584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68950.593519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62790.954774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67460.116732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68950.593519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62790.954774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67460.116732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18586                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            16448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    884610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257868000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1142478000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          23206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.708782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70950.433109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64790.954774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69459.995136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    859676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249908000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1109584000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68950.593519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62790.954774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67460.116732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.340869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  25317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   113.452556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   189.984322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   197.903990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.221587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.371063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.386531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.979181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                46267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               46267                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                23206                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               23205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        32157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   50374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       709760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1028992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1738752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            80390000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43021000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            35635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4649874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9047720000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 221944                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1359256                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   457495                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1003945758                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000131                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4122993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009048                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9047720000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            489718                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4122993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      394326                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           139                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            96                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2631699                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           227                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9047709                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    9047709                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3011621                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1279102                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       359547                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 163836                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        163836                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               275975                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              140648                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88243                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3981139                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3981139                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7662100                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3220116                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      393659                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        649083                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255424                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27732      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3319894     80.52%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.10%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    42408      1.03%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.04%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    29136      0.71%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49083      1.19%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   369987      8.97%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  253431      6.15%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23672      0.57%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4123035                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    15                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2602584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2602584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2602584                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2602584                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29115                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29115                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1819375000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1819375000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1819375000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1819375000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2631699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2631699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62489.266701                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62489.266701                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62489.266701                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62489.266701                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1761145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1761145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1761145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1761145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60489.266701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60489.266701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60489.266701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60489.266701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28859                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2602584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2602584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1819375000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1819375000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2631699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62489.266701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62489.266701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1761145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1761145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60489.266701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60489.266701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.983780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2321747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.451402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.983780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2660814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2660814                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               30469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              30469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        66498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        66498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  66498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2305856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2305856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2305856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            58269000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          163946500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1421696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          528320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1950016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1421696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1421696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       355840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           355840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            22214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                30469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5560                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5560                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          157133068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58392612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              215525679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     157133068                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         157133068                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        39329245                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              39329245                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        39329245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         157133068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58392612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             254854925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4175.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     22214.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7325.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000933570500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           239                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           239                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                66856                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3917                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        30469                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5560                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      30469                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5560                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     930                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1385                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              5855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     356387000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   147695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                910243250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12064.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30814.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17382                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3349                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  30469                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5560                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    29537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     166.343721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.957458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    153.081498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5516     42.55%     42.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4515     34.83%     77.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1869     14.42%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          493      3.80%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          214      1.65%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          139      1.07%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           89      0.69%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           42      0.32%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           87      0.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      122.121339                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      92.810648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     107.364014                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              16      6.69%      6.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             52     21.76%     28.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             61     25.52%     53.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            29     12.13%     66.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           25     10.46%     76.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           21      8.79%     85.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            7      2.93%     88.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            7      2.93%     91.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            7      2.93%     94.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            3      1.26%     95.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            2      0.84%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.42%     96.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            3      1.26%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.42%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.42%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            2      0.84%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.389121                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.361928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.963214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                73     30.54%     30.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 9      3.77%     34.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               148     61.92%     96.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 9      3.77%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1890496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    59520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   265984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1950016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                355840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        208.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         29.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     215.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      39.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9046966000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      251102.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1421696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       468800                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       265984                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 157133067.778401613235                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 51814158.705176547170                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 29397903.560233958066                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5560                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    684473250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    225770000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 211585565750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30812.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27349.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  38054957.87                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              54156900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              28785075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            123743340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10654020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      714211680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3562910400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         474041280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4968502695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         549.144171                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1200230000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    301943750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7545546250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              38406060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              20413305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             87165120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11040300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      714211680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3344288040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         658139040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4873663545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         538.662066                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1679040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    301957500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7066722500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           635260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               635260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          635260                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              635260                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    694800000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    694800000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    694800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    694800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       649891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           649891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       649891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          649891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47488.209965                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47488.209965                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47488.209965                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47488.209965                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7475                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7475                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665540000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    665540000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665540000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    665540000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45488.346661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45488.346661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45488.346661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45488.346661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14374                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          384481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              384481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439921000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    439921000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       394326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          394326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44684.713052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44684.713052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420233000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420233000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42684.916201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42684.916201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254879000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    254879000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53255.119097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53255.119097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    245307000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    245307000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51255.119097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51255.119097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.617005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  646584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 44.982886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.617005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                664521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               664521                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             30470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            30470                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1581846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    549555000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2131401000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1581846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    549555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2131401000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           43746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          43746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.696521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.696521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71209.417484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66564.316860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69950.804070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71209.417484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66564.316860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69950.804070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1537418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533045000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2070463000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1537418000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533045000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2070463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69209.417484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64564.559109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67950.869708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69209.417484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64564.559109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67950.869708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     34255                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            30470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1581846000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    549555000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2131401000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          43746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.696521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71209.417484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66564.316860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69950.804070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1537418000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533045000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2070463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69209.417484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64564.559109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67950.869708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.521977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                34255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.479813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   104.532226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   162.978231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   239.011520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.204165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.318317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.466819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                85988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               85988                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                43746                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               43745                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   94966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1414720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1863360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3278080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145575000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             81121000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            73150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9047720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12635193000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 222801                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1359388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   452905                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    13.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              938342071                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000067                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6098549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012635                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12635193000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            774141                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000067                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6098549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      556572                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           268                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      317944                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           112                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3908910                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12635182                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12635182                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4349543                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1922868                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       559802                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      145332                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5937570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5937570                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11279380                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4828317                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      555525                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873286                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     317761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30673      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5050674     82.82%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.07%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.89%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.03%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.53%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.85%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   528913      8.67%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  315768      5.18%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.44%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6098599                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3879749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3879749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3879749                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3879749                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29161                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29161                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1822447000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1822447000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1822447000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1822447000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3908910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3908910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62496.039230                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62496.039230                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62496.039230                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62496.039230                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60496.039230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60496.039230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60496.039230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60496.039230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28905                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3879749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3879749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1822447000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1822447000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3908910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62496.039230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62496.039230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60496.039230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60496.039230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.556240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.482442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.556240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3938071                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3938071                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               38771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              38771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        83672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        83672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  83672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2873664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2873664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2873664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            69421000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          207755500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1424512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1056832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2481344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1424512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1424512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       392320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           392320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            22258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            16513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                38771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          112741610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           83641936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              196383546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     112741610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         112741610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        31049783                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              31049783                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        31049783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         112741610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          83641936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             227433328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4557.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     22258.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15531.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006358042500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           260                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           260                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                84847                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4274                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        38771                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6130                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      38771                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6130                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     982                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1573                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     409310500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   188945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1117854250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10831.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29581.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     24656                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3680                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  38771                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6130                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    37787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     193.633750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    136.230427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    204.386057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5660     40.47%     40.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4700     33.61%     74.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2012     14.39%     88.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          547      3.91%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          253      1.81%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          177      1.27%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          162      1.16%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          137      0.98%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          337      2.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      144.542308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      88.891418                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     417.568086                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            235     90.38%     90.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           19      7.31%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      1.54%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.38%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.438462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.412614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.938279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                73     28.08%     28.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 9      3.46%     31.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               169     65.00%     96.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 9      3.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2418496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    62848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   290176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2481344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                392320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        191.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         22.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     196.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      31.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12634807000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      281392.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1424512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       993984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       290176                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 112741609.882809072733                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 78667892.132712185383                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 22965695.894000194967                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6130                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    685477000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    432377250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 288168865000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30796.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26184.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  47009602.77                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              58283820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              30974790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            153331500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            12486240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      996946080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4552099800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1018567200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6822689430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         539.975086                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2606270750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    421720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9607202250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              41583360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              22098285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            116481960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11181240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      996946080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4236582570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1284265920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6709139415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         530.988281                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3297970250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    421720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8915502750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           850858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               850858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          850858                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              850858                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23608                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23608                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1293825000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1293825000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1293825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1293825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       874466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           874466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       874466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          874466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54804.515419                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54804.515419                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54804.515419                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54804.515419                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8294                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8294                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1246611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1246611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1246611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1246611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52804.600136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52804.600136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52804.600136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52804.600136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23351                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          538398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              538398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         18174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             18174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1004338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1004338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       556572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          556572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55262.352812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55262.352812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    967992000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    967992000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53262.462859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53262.462859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         312460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             312460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289487000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    289487000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       317894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         317894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53273.279352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53273.279352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278619000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    278619000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51273.279352                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51273.279352                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.293601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  870581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.282386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.293601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                898073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               898073                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7094                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             38772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            38772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1584624000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1088247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2672871000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1584624000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1088247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2672871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.734750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.734750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71193.458532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65898.449800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68938.177035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71193.458532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65898.449800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68938.177035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540108000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1055221000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2595329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540108000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1055221000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2595329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69193.458532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63898.570910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66938.228619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69193.458532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63898.570910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66938.228619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     42979                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            38772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1584624000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1088247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2672871000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.734750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71193.458532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65898.449800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68938.177035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540108000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1055221000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2595329000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69193.458532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63898.570910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66938.228619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.077336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  60472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                42979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.407013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.656738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   117.025063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   312.395535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.228565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.610148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               104554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              104554                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52768                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8294                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        55509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  113831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2041664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3907968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             94239000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118035000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12635193000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16250114000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 216097                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1359388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   431719                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              877810460                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000376                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7992012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016250                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16250114000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1034976                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000376                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7992012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      736330                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           366                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      408905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           147                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5167019                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16250103                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16250103                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5519727                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2508072                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       727795                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204686                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7831049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7831049                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14932898                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6370000                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      735283                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1144005                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     408722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6673434     83.50%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.05%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.68%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.02%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.40%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.65%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   708671      8.87%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  406729      5.09%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.33%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7992079                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          607                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            607                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7115                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7122                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    422714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    423120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    422714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    423120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         7729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         7729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.921465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.921465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        58000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59411.665495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59410.278012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        58000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59411.665495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59410.278012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    408484000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    408876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    408484000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    408876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.921465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.921465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        56000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57411.665495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57410.278012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        56000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57411.665495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57410.278012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    422714000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    423120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         7729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.921465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        58000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59411.665495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59410.278012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    408484000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    408876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.921465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        56000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57411.665495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57410.278012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1523                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1523                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1523                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1523                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          980.007702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      12635243000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    16.029926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.675498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   963.302279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.007349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.054909                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            16449                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           16449                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5137851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5137851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5137851                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5137851                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1822972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1822972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1822972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1822972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5167019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5167019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62499.040044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62499.040044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62499.040044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62499.040044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60499.040044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60499.040044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60499.040044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60499.040044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5137851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5137851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1822972000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1822972000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5167019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62499.040044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62499.040044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60499.040044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60499.040044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.877412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.877412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5196187                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5196187                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               45893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              45893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        83672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        83672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  97916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2873664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2873664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       455808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       455808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3329472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            76543000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           37748250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          207755500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1424960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1512192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2937152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1424960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1424960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       392320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           392320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            22265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            23628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                45893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           87689231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           93057316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              180746547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      87689231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          87689231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        24142600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              24142600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        24142600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          87689231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          93057316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             204889147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4557.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     22265.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     22646.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006358042500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           260                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           260                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               100019                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4274                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        45893                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6130                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      45893                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6130                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     982                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1573                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     461728750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   224555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1303810000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10280.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29030.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     30471                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3680                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  45893                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6130                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    44909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        15294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     206.909899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.220397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    222.900666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5931     38.78%     38.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5137     33.59%     72.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2237     14.63%     86.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          616      4.03%     91.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          276      1.80%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          206      1.35%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          199      1.30%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          182      1.19%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          510      3.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         15294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      144.542308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      88.891418                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     417.568086                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            235     90.38%     90.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           19      7.31%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      1.54%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.38%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.438462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.412614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.938279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                73     28.08%     28.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 9      3.46%     31.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               169     65.00%     96.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 9      3.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2874304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    62848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   290176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2937152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                392320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        176.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     180.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      24.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16245132000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      312268.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1424960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1449344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       290176                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 87689230.980164200068                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 89189774.299429535866                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17856859.342648304999                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        23628                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6130                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    685649500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    618160500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 288168865000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30794.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26162.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  47009602.77                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              62118000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              33016500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            174208860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            12486240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1282753680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5560949070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1557158400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8682690750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         534.315682                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3996880500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    542556500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11710677000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              47081160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              25024230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            146455680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11181240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1282753680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5351269440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1733730720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8597496150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         529.072975                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4454353250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    542556500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11253204250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1112529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1112529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1112529                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1112529                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32639                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32639                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1868663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1868663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1868663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1868663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1145168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1145168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1145168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1145168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57252.458715                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57252.458715                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57252.458715                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57252.458715                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10167                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10167                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1803387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1803387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1803387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1803387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55252.519991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55252.519991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55252.519991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55252.519991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      32382                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          710643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              710643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1480145000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1480145000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          736330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57622.338148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57622.338148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1428773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1428773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55622.416008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55622.416008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         401886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             401886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    388518000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    388518000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       408838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         408838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55885.788262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55885.788262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    374614000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    374614000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53885.788262                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53885.788262                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.673198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1133369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 32382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 34.999969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.673198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1177806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1177806                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             46501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            46501                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1585107000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1597117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3182224000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1585107000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1597117000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3182224000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.752358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.752358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71192.768920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65898.539363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68433.453044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71192.768920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65898.539363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68433.453044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7653                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7653                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1548647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3089224000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1548647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3089224000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69192.768920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63898.621885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66433.496054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69192.768920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63898.621885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66433.496054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     51612                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            46501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1585107000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1597117000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3182224000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.752358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71192.768920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65898.539363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68433.453044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1548647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3089224000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69192.768920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63898.621885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66433.496054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.949953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  71342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                51612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.382275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.788157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    91.013423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   344.148373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.144117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.177761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.672165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               124098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              124098                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61807                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61806                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10167                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  133780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2739520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4606272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            112642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           163190000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16250114000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19554289000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 206763                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1359388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   409433                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              808611557                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9901127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019554                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19554289000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1268490                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9901127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      920688                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           417                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      511335                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6441145                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19554289                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19554289                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6523447                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3081626                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       854796                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      270236                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9740172                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9740172                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18747074                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7943179                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      919642                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1430794                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     511152                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8295768     83.79%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.04%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.55%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.02%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.32%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.53%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   893030      9.02%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  509159      5.14%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.27%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9901202                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            3498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3498                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           3498                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         8663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8663                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8670                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    517041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    517447000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    517041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    517447000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.712525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.712525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        58000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59683.827773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59682.468281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        58000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59683.827773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59682.468281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    499715000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    500107000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    499715000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    500107000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.712525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.712525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        56000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57683.827773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57682.468281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        56000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57683.827773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57682.468281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           3498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    517041000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    517447000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.712525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        58000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59683.827773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59682.468281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    499715000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    500107000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.712525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        56000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57683.827773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57682.468281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2329                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2329                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2329                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2329                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2219.397809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              14497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.657747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      12635243000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    25.994361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.744177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2191.659271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.016721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.016933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8627                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.066719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23242                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23242                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6411977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6411977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6411977                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6411977                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1822972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1822972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1822972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1822972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6441145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6441145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62499.040044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62499.040044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62499.040044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62499.040044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60499.040044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60499.040044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60499.040044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60499.040044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6411977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6411977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1822972000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1822972000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6441145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62499.040044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62499.040044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60499.040044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60499.040044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.067100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6441145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                220.829162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.067100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6470313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6470313                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               47441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              47441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        83672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        83672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 101012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2873664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2873664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       554880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       554880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3428544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            78091000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           46008500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          207755500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1424960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1611264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3036224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1424960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1424960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       392320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           392320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            22265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            25176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                47441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           72871992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           82399519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              155271511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      72871992                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          72871992                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        20063118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              20063118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        20063118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          72871992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          82399519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             175334629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4557.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     22265.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     24174.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006358042500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           260                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           260                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               103925                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4274                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        47441                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6130                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      47441                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6130                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1002                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1573                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     476001500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   232195000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1346732750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10250.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29000.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31482                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3680                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  47441                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6130                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    46437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        15810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     206.338267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.021825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    221.917703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6107     38.63%     38.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5373     33.98%     72.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2267     14.34%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          636      4.02%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          295      1.87%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          225      1.42%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          211      1.33%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          184      1.16%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          512      3.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         15810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      144.542308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      88.891418                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     417.568086                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            235     90.38%     90.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           19      7.31%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      1.54%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.38%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.438462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.412614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.938279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                73     28.08%     28.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 9      3.46%     31.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               169     65.00%     96.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 9      3.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2972096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    64128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   290176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3036224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                392320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        151.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         14.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     155.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      20.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19554046000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      365011.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1424960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1547136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       290176                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 72871992.430918872356                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 79120033.461712673306                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 14839506.565541708842                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        25176                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6130                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    685649500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    661083250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 288168865000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30794.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26258.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  47009602.77                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              64138620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              34086690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            181277460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            12486240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1543361040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6118903260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2356086720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10310340030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         527.267447                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6068211000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    652860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12833218000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              48751920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              25912260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            150297000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11181240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1543361040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5910179520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2531854080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10221537060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         522.726091                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6523957250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    652860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12377471750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1393665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1393665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1393665                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1393665                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38283                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38283                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2062327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2062327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2062327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2062327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1431948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1431948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1431948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1431948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53870.569182                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53870.569182                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53870.569182                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53870.569182                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1985761000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1985761000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1985761000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1985761000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51870.569182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51870.569182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51870.569182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51870.569182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      38027                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1627725000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1627725000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       920688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53320.830740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53320.830740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1566671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1566671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51320.830740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51320.830740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         503504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             503504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434602000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    434602000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       511260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         511260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56034.296029                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56034.296029                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419090000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    419090000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54034.296029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54034.296029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.897394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1431948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 38283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.404279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.897394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1470231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1470231                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9609                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1585107000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1746055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3331162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1585107000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1746055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3331162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           67451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          67451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.755200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.755200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71192.768920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60893.317988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65395.119653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71192.768920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60893.317988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65395.119653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1688707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3229284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1688707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3229284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69192.768920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58893.317988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63395.119653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69192.768920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58893.317988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63395.119653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     56511                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1585107000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1746055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3331162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          67451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.755200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71192.768920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60893.317988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65395.119653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1688707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3229284000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69192.768920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58893.317988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63395.119653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.465333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                57023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.380461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.663450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    75.634481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   365.167402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.134108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.147724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.713218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               135741                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              135741                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                67451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               67451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  146169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3171200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5037952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123786000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           191415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19554289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
