
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3616214000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117013                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34197692                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   206296                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              423130186                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1763067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003616                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3616214000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            268143                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1763067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      133575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           233                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1323466                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3616203                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3616203                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1413559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              720026                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       230507                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  49579                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         49579                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                49916                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1725244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1725244                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2893034                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1324928                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        161704                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     133573                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      1.89%      1.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1566516     88.85%     90.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.06%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.01%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.01%     90.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.01%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      1.59%     92.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      4.80%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.01%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              48966      2.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1763168                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            218                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7821                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8413                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479002000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    513749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    513749000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         8631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         8631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.974742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.974742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61245.620765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61066.088197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61245.620765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61066.088197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5676                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5676                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    463360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    496923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    463360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    496923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59245.620765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59066.088197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59245.620765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59066.088197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  6898                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479002000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    513749000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         8631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.974742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61245.620765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61066.088197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    463360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    496923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59245.620765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59066.088197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1168.829129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              12272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             6898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.779066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    37.418182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   181.799160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   949.611787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.018271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.088769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.463678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.570717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            24802                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           24802                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1322713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1322713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1322713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1322713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1323466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1323466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1322713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1322713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1323466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.285010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.285010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1324219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1324219                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5676                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        22502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        22502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  22502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       901696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       901696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  901696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            36793000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           44419000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           37888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          500544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              538432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       363264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           363264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5676                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5676                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10477256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          138416587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              148893843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10477256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10477256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       100454232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             100454232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       100454232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10477256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         138416587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             249348075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5662.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7821.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004845570500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           351                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           351                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                23064                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5304                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8413                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5676                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8413                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5676                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       16.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      76022250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    42065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                233766000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9036.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27786.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7292                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5196                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8413                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5676                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     575.795003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    401.848151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    394.791888                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           144      9.22%      9.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          326     20.88%     30.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          236     15.12%     45.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           64      4.10%     49.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           61      3.91%     53.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           46      2.95%     56.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      2.50%     58.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           86      5.51%     64.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          559     35.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       23.948718                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.563674                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     100.031839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             342     97.44%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             5      1.42%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.28%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.28%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.28%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.062678                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.059644                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.323468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               337     96.01%     96.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      1.71%     97.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8      2.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  538432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   360832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   538432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                363264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        148.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         99.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     148.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     100.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3616150000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      256664.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        37888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       500544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       360832                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10477256.047346755862                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 138416587.071450978518                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 99781705.396859809756                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          592                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7821                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5676                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     15015000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    218751000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  58380869750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25363.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27969.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  10285565.50                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     88.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6775860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3601455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             32865420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            16568280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      285192960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1203017490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         375559200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1923580665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         531.932199                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    962509500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    120640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2533064500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4383960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2322540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             27203400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12862080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      285192960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         372294930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1075115040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1779374910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         492.054649                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2789062500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    120640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    706511500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           153687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               153687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          153687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              153687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7925                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7925                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    606514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    606514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    613802000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    613802000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       161514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           161514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       161612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          161612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77489.970615                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77489.970615                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77451.356467                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77451.356467                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7484                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7484                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    590862000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    590862000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    597954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    597954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75490.226140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75490.226140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75451.608833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75451.608833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       7668                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59533.039648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59533.039648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57533.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57533.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    593000000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    593000000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       133474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         133474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.056940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78026.315789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78026.315789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    577802000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    577802000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76026.578947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76026.578947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.046111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  159563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  7668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.808946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.046111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.965024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.965024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                169536                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               169536                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    565930000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    609126000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    565930000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    609126000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            8678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           8678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.994699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.994699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71718.413382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70566.033364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71718.413382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70566.033364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550150000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    591864000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    591864000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69718.666836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68566.265060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69718.666836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68566.265060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8947                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             8632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    565930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    609126000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.994699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71718.413382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70566.033364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    591864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69718.666836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68566.265060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              484.119106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  15393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.720465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    50.297094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    48.063154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   385.758858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.098237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.093873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.753435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.945545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                25621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               25621                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 8678                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                8677                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       986112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1034304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             46098000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            39620000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3616214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19754929000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  70516                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34198396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   132678                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              696517734                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019755                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19754929000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            411000                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1278663                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          4697                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2754268                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19754918                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19754918                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2127844                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1291454                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       373364                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1194667                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1194667                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1195004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3727474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3727474                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7471154                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2039213                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1306792                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1278661                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2423658     64.37%     65.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.03%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.74%     66.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      2.25%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1194054     31.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3765398                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            218                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       150678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        151270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       150678                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       151270                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9327546000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   9362293000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9327546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   9362293000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       151488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       151488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61903.834667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61891.273881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61903.834667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61891.273881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       148533                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           148533                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       151270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       151270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9026190000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9059753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9026190000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9059753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59903.834667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59891.273881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59903.834667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59891.273881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                149755                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       150678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       151270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9327546000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9362293000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       151488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.998561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61903.834667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61891.273881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       151270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9026190000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9059753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59903.834667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59891.273881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1887.064468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             297986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           149755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.989823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     6.849539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    33.279020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1846.935909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.016250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.901824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           453373                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          453373                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2753515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2753515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2753515                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2753515                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2754268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2754268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2753515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2753515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2754268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               238.770796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   238.770796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.932698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.932698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2755021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2755021                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              151270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             151270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       148533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       451073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       451073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 451073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     19187392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     19187392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19187392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           893935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          796096750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           37888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         9643392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             9681280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      9506112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          9506112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           150678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               151270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        148533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              148533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1917901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          488151185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              490069086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1917901                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1917901                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       481202033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             481202033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       481202033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1917901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         488151185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             971271119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    148519.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    150678.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004845570500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          9279                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          9280                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               446533                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              139716                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       151270                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      148533                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     151270                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    148533                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               9414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               9335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               9280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               9241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               9435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               9484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               9603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               9514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              9532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              9498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              9484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              9493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              9530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              9629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               9192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               9092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               9123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               9102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               9156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               9292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               9349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               9349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              9354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              9346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              9424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1494323750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   756350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4330636250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9878.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28628.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    138192                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   137852                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 151270                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                148533                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   151270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    9275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    9280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    9280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    9280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    9281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    9280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    9280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    9280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    9280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    9284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    9280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    9280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    9283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    9281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    9280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    9280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        23723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     808.658601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    645.655646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    345.538296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1579      6.66%      6.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1941      8.18%     14.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          714      3.01%     17.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          842      3.55%     21.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          679      2.86%     24.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          523      2.20%     26.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          378      1.59%     28.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2479     10.45%     38.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        14588     61.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         23723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9280                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.300647                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.020967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      19.486807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            9271     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             5      0.05%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           9280                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.002371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002252                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.063954                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              9265     99.85%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      0.06%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           9279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 9681280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  9503936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  9681280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               9506112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        490.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        481.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     490.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     481.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19754865000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       65892.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        37888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      9643392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      9503936                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1917901.096986984834                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 488151184.952373147011                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 481091883.448429465294                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          592                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       150678                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       148533                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     15015000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   4315621250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 457646670250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25363.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28641.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3081111.07                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              86165520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              45794265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            544660620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           390685680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1559341680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5089767120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3299773440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11016188325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         557.642517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8453968000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    659620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10641341000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              83230980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              44234520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            535407180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           384453000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1559341680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4236903480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4017974400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10861545240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         549.814441                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10329694750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    659620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8765614250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1153686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1153686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1153686                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1153686                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         150684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             150684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        150782                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            150782                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11883627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11883627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11890915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11890915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1304370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1304370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1304468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1304468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.115522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.115589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78864.557617                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78864.557617                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78861.634678                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78861.634678                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          150341                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                150341                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        150684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11582261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11582261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11589353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11589353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76864.570890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76864.570890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76861.647942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76861.647942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     150525                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59533.039648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59533.039648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57533.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57533.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1125873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1125873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       150457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           150457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11870113000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11870113000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1276330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1276330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.117883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78893.723788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78893.723788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       150457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11569201000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11569201000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76893.737081                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76893.737081                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.360957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1302419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                150525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.652510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.360957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1455249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1455249                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        150748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            151489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           151489                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10985901000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11029097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10985901000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11029097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          151535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         151535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72875.932019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72804.606275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72875.932019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72804.606275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         150082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               150082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10684407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10726121000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10684407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10726121000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70875.945286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70804.619477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70875.945286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70804.619477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    151804                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           151489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10985901000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11029097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         151535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72875.932019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72804.606275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10684407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10726121000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70875.945286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70804.619477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.896298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 301107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               151804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.983525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.207072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     8.798141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   488.891084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.017983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.954865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454192                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454192                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               151535                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              151534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        150341                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       451904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  453410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     19271808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19320000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            903240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           753905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19754929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                35893315000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  65261                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34198672                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   125368                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              780807552                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5763077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.035893                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 35893315000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            553858                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5763077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2423759                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9161                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4185080                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         35893304                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   35893304                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2842134                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1862886                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       516222                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2339763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2339763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2340100                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5729718                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5729718                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12049306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2753503                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2451888                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2423757                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3280806     56.88%     57.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.02%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.49%     57.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      1.47%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2339150     40.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5767642                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            218                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       293536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        294128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       293536                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       294128                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18175710000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  18210457000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18175710000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  18210457000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       294346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       294346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61919.866728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61913.374449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61919.866728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61913.374449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       291391                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           291391                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       294128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       294128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17588638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17622201000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17588638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17622201000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59919.866728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59913.374449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59919.866728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59913.374449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                292613                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       293536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       294128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18175710000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18210457000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       294346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61919.866728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61913.374449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       294128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17588638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17622201000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59919.866728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59913.374449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1959.424453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             583702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           292613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.994792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.769843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    18.316076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1937.338535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.008943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.945966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.956750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           881947                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          881947                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4184327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4184327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4184327                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4184327                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4185080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4185080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4184327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4184327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4185080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.323472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.323472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.934857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.934857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4185833                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4185833                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              294128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       291391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       879647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       879647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 879647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     37473216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     37473216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                37473216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1751083000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1547781000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           37888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        18786304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            18824192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     18649024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         18649024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           293536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               294128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        291391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              291391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1055573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523392838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524448411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1055573                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1055573                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       519568170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             519568170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       519568170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1055573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523392838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1044016581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    291377.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    293536.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004845570500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         18208                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         18208                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               870004                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              274116                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       294128                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      291391                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     294128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    291391                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              18359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              18295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              18240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              18201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              18278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              18395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              18444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              18440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              18563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              18474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             18492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             18458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             18341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             18325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             18362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             18461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              18152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              18052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              18083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              18062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              18116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              18252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              18309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              18304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              18304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              18309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             18304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             18302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             18186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             18178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             18261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2912192000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1470640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               8427092000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9901.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28651.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    269092                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   270500                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 294128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                291391                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   294128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   18204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   18209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   18209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   18209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   18210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   18209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   18209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   18209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   18209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   18213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   18208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   18208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   18211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   18209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   18208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   18208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        45885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     816.607083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    656.177061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    340.947987                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3015      6.57%      6.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3555      7.75%     14.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1192      2.60%     16.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1618      3.53%     20.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1297      2.83%     23.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1001      2.18%     25.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          717      1.56%     27.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4869     10.61%     37.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        28621     62.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         45885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.153229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.010683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      13.912252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           18199     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             5      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          18208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.001208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.045669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             18194     99.92%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          18208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                18824192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 18646400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 18824192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              18649024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        519.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     519.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    35893251000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61301.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        37888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     18786304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     18646400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1055572.604536527069                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523392837.914246678352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 519495064.749522268772                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          592                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       293536                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       291391                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     15015000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   8412077000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 856874912000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25363.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28657.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2940636.16                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             165012540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              87702450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1052978640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           762224400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2832875760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8954656110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6242269920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         20097719820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.929330                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15993736500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1198340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18701238500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             162613500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              86431125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1047095280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           758622600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2832875760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8125111740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6940833600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         19953583605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         555.913646                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17817623750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1198340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16877351250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2153692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2153692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2153692                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2153692                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         293542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             293542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        293640                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            293640                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23160377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23160377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23167665000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23167665000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2447234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2447234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2447332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2447332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.119948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.119984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78899.704301                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78899.704301                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78898.191663                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78898.191663                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          293199                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                293199                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        293542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       293640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22573295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22573295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22580387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22580387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76899.711115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76899.711115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76898.198474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76898.198474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     293383                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59533.039648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59533.039648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57533.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57533.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2125879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2125879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       293315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           293315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23146863000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  23146863000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2419194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2419194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.121245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78914.692396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78914.692396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       293315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22560235000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22560235000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76914.699214                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76914.699214                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.097905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2445283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                293383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.334781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.097905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2740971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2740971                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        293606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            294347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           294347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21405503000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  21448699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21405503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  21448699000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          294393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         294393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72905.536672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72868.753546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72905.536672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72868.753546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         292940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               292940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20818293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20860007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20818293000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20860007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70905.543483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70868.760341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70905.543483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70868.760341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    294662                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           294347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21405503000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21448699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         294393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72905.536672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72868.753546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20818293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20860007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70905.543483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70868.760341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.191029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 586823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               294662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.991512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.067380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     4.842313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   499.281337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.009897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.009458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.975159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               882766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              882766                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               294393                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              294392                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        293199                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       880478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  881984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     37557632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 37605824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1760388000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1468195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  35893315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                52032118000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  69894                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34198672                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   135647                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    57.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              909176365                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7763075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.052032                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 52032118000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            696715                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7763075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3568847                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13625                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5615882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         52032107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   52032107                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3556419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2434314                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       659079                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3484851                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3484851                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3485188                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7731948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7731948                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16627426                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3467788                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3596976                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3568845                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4137948     53.26%     53.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.36%     54.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      1.09%     55.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     55.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3484238     44.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7769872                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            218                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       436393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        436985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       436393                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       436985                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27024342000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  27059089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27024342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  27059089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       437203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       437203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61926.616605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61922.237605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61926.616605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61922.237605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       434248                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           434248                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       436985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       436985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26151556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26185119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26151556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26185119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59926.616605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59922.237605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59926.616605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59922.237605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                435470                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       436393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       436985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27024342000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27059089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       437203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61926.616605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61922.237605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       436985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26151556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26185119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59926.616605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59922.237605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1986.897932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             869416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           435470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.996500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.600551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    12.634978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1971.662403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.962726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1310518                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1310518                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5615129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5615129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5615129                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5615129                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5615882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5615882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5615129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5615129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5615882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.533311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.533311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.935677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.935677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5616635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5616635                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              436985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             436985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       434248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1308218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1308218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1308218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     55758912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     55758912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                55758912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2608225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2299459250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           37888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27929152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27967040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     27791872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         27791872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           436393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               436985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        434248                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              434248                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             728166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          536767540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              537495706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        728166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            728166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       534129170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             534129170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       534129170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            728166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         536767540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1071624876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    434234.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    436393.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004845570500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         27137                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         27137                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1293472                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              408531                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       436985                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      434248                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     436985                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    434248                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              27112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              27012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              27043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              27022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              27076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              27212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              27269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              27264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              27150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              27141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             27136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             27136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             27136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             27146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             27138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             27221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4330581000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2184925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12524049750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9910.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28660.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    399991                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   403158                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 436985                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                434248                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   436985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   27133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   27138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   27138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   27137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   27138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   27137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   27137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   27137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   27137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   27141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   27137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   27137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   27140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   27138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   27137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   27137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        68048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     819.368916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    659.902060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    339.274100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4449      6.54%      6.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5169      7.60%     14.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1671      2.46%     16.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2396      3.52%     20.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1915      2.81%     22.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1480      2.17%     25.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1056      1.55%     26.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7263     10.67%     37.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        42649     62.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         68048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        27137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.102812                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.007167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      11.395998                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           27128     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             5      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          27137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        27137                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000770                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.037413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             27123     99.95%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          27137                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27967040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 27789696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27967040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              27791872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        537.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        534.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     537.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     534.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    52032054000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       59722.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        37888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27929152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     27789696                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 728165.630313184578                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 536767540.387266159058                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 534087349.663528978825                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          592                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       436393                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       434248                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     15015000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12509034750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1256151858500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25363.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28664.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2892706.15                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             243866700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             129614430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1561182420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1133804880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4107024480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12819254400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9185172000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         29179919310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         560.805910                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23534397500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1737320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26760400500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             242010300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             128627730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1558890480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1132792200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4107024480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12012590970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9864467520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         29046403680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.239887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  25307556250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1737320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24987241750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3153691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3153691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3153691                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3153691                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         436399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             436399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        436497                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            436497                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34437578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34437578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34444866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34444866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3590090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3590090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3590188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3590188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.121557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.121581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78913.054338                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78913.054338                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78912.033760                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78912.033760                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          436056                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                436056                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        436399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       436497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33564782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33564782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33571874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33571874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76913.058921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76913.058921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76912.038342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76912.038342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     436240                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59533.039648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59533.039648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57533.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57533.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3125878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3125878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       436172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           436172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34424064000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34424064000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3562050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3562050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.122450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78923.140412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78923.140412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       436172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33551722000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33551722000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76923.144998                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76923.144998                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.377708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3588139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                436240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.225149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.377708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4026684                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4026684                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        436463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            437204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           437204                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31825562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  31868758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31825562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  31868758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          437250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         437250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72916.975780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72892.192203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72916.975780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72892.192203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         435797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               435797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30952638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30994352000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30952638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30994352000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70916.980363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70892.196778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70916.980363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70892.196778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    437519                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           437204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31825562000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31868758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         437250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72916.975780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72892.192203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30952638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30994352000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70916.980363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70892.196778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.062288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 872537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               437519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.495630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     3.340372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   503.226285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1311337                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1311337                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               437250                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              437249                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        436056                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1309049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1310555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55843328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55891520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2617530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2182480000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  52032118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                68170653000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  80610                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34198804                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   157399                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    62.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1099038980                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9763073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.068171                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 68170653000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            839572                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9763073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4713935                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         18089                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7046684                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         68170642                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   68170642                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4270704                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3005742                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       801936                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4629939                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4629939                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4630276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9734178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9734178                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21205546                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4182073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4742064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4713933                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.34%      0.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4995090     51.12%     51.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.29%     51.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.87%     52.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     52.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4629326     47.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9772102                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            218                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       579250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        579842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       579250                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       579842                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35872706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  35907453000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35872706000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  35907453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       580060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       580060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61929.574450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61926.271295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61929.574450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61926.271295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       577105                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           577105                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       579842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       579842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34714206000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34747769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34714206000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34747769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59929.574450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59926.271295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59929.574450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59926.271295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                578327                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       579250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       579842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35872706000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35907453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       580060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61929.574450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61926.271295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       579842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34714206000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34747769000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59929.574450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59926.271295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2001.363069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1155130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           578327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.984903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     9.643808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1989.734358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.971550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1739089                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1739089                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7045931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7045931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7045931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7045931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7046684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7046684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7045931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7045931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7046684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.643793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.643793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7047437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7047437                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              579842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             579842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       577105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1736789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1736789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1736789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     74044608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     74044608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                74044608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3465367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3051137250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           37888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        37072000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            37109888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     36934720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         36934720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           579250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               579842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        577105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              577105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             555782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          543811719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              544367501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        555782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            555782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       541797949                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             541797949                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       541797949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            555782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         543811719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1086165450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    577091.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    579250.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004845570500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         36065                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         36065                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1716943                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              542928                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       579842                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      577105                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     579842                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    577105                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              36279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              36215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              36160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              36121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              36113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              36187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              36236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              36232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              36355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              36266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             36284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             36250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             36236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             36245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             36282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             36381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              36072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              35972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              36003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              35982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              35922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              36044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              36101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              36101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             36096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             36106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             36098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             36181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5748702250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2899210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              16620739750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9914.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28664.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    530890                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   535803                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 579842                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                577105                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   579842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   36061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   36066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   36066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   36066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   36067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   36066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   36066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   36066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   36066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   36070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   36066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   36066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   36068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   36066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   36065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   36065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        90209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     820.771320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    661.786354                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    338.424281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5884      6.52%      6.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6784      7.52%     14.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2149      2.38%     16.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3173      3.52%     19.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2533      2.81%     22.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1958      2.17%     24.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1395      1.55%     26.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9653     10.70%     37.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        56680     62.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         90209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36065                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.077360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.005392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       9.885365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           36056     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          36065                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000579                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.032455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             36051     99.96%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          36065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                37109888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 36931968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 37109888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              36934720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        544.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        541.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     544.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     541.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    68170589000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58922.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        37888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     37072000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     36931968                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 555781.679251334164                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 543811719.098539352417                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 541757580.054279327393                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          592                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       579250                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       577105                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     15015000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  16605724750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1655375264750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25363.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28667.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2868412.62                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             323234940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             171803445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2072734860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1507901400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5381173200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       16706654400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       12108769440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         38272271685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         561.418587                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31024261750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2276300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  34870091250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             320871600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             170539710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2067337020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1504362240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5381173200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15877808280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       12806745120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         38128837170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.314536                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  32846701250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2276300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  33047651750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4153690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4153690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4153690                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4153690                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         579256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             579256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        579354                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            579354                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45714511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  45714511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45721799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  45721799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4732946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4732946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4733044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4733044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78919.356899                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78919.356899                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78918.586909                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78918.586909                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          578913                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                578913                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        579256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       579354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44556001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44556001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44563093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44563093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76919.360352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76919.360352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76918.590361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76918.590361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     579097                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59533.039648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59533.039648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57533.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57533.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4125877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4125877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       579029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           579029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45700997000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  45700997000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4704906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4704906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78926.957026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78926.957026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       579029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44542941000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44542941000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76926.960480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76926.960480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.525028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4730995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                579097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.169607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.525028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5312397                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5312397                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        579320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            580061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           580061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42245353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  42288549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42245353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  42288549000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          580107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         580107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72922.310640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72903.623929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72922.310640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72903.623929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         578654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               578654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       580061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       580061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41086715000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41128429000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41086715000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41128429000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70922.314092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70903.627377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70922.314092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70903.627377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    580376                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           580061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42245353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42288549000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         580107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72922.310640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72903.623929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       580061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41086715000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41128429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70922.314092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70903.627377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.521016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1158251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               580376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.668084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.549582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   505.303350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1739908                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1739908                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               580107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              580106                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        578913                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1737620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1739126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     74129024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 74177216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3474672000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2896765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  68170653000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                84309105000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89979                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34198936                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   176405                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    66.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1264341110                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11763071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.084309                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 84309105000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            982429                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11763071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5859023                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         22553                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8477486                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         84309094                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   84309094                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4984989                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3577170                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       944793                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5775027                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5775027                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5775364                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11736408                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11736408                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25783666                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4896358                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5887152                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5859021                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.28%      0.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5852232     49.70%     49.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.24%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.72%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5774414     49.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11774332                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            218                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       722107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        722699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       722107                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       722699                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44720987000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  44755734000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44720987000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  44755734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       722176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       722917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       722176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       722917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61931.247031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61928.595446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61931.247031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61928.595446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       719962                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           719962                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       722699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       722699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43276773000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43310336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43276773000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43310336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59931.247031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59928.595446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59931.247031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59928.595446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                721184                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       722107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       722699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44720987000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44755734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       722176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       722917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61931.247031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61928.595446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       722699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43276773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43310336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59931.247031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59928.595446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2010.290312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1440844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           721184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.604953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     7.797790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2000.887570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.976996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2167660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2167660                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8476733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8476733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8476733                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8476733                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8477486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8477486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8476733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8476733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8477486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.711978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.711978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8478239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8478239                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              722699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             722699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       719962                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2165360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2165360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2165360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     92330304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     92330304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                92330304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4322509000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3802815250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           37888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        46214848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            46252736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     46077568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         46077568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           722107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               722699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        719962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              719962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             449394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          548159632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              548609026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        449394                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            449394                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       546531338                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             546531338                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       546531338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            449394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         548159632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1095140365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    719948.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    722107.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004845570500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         44994                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         44994                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2140409                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              677343                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       722699                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      719962                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     722699                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    719962                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              45163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              45047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              44992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              44953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              45030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              45147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              45196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              45192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              45315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              45226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             45244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             45210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             45196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             45205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             45242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             45341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              44934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              44804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              44835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              44814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              44868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              45004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              45061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              45056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              45056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              45061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             45056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             45056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             45056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             45066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             45058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             45141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7166740500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3613495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              20717346750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9916.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28666.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    661790                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   668462                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 722699                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                719962                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   722699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   44990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   44995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   44995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   44995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   44996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   44994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   44994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   44994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   44994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   44998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   44994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   44994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   44997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   44995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   44994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   44994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       112371                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     821.631489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    662.948091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    337.896583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7319      6.51%      6.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8397      7.47%     13.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2628      2.34%     16.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3950      3.52%     19.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3150      2.80%     22.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2437      2.17%     24.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1734      1.54%     26.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12045     10.72%     37.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        70711     62.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        112371                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44994                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.062008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.004322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       8.850337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           44985     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          44994                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.029057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             44980     99.97%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          44994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                46252736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 46075264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 46252736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              46077568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        548.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        546.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     548.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     546.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    84309041000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58439.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        37888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     46214848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     46075264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 449393.929635476554                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 548159632.343386888504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 546504010.450591325760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          592                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       722107                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       719962                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     15015000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  20702331750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2054643499750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25363.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28669.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2853822.15                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             402631740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             214000050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2584530060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1882071000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6654707280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20595380220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       15031218240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         47364538590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         561.796245                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  38511122500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2815020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  42982962500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             399711480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             212447895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2575540800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1875942720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6654707280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       19742269770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       15749627040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         47210246985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.966174                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  40387362250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2815020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  41106722750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5153689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5153689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5153689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5153689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         722113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             722113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        722211                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            722211                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56991361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  56991361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56998649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  56998649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5875802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5875802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5875900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5875900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78923.050824                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78923.050824                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78922.432641                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78922.432641                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          721770                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                721770                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        722113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       722211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55547137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55547137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55554229000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55554229000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76923.053594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76923.053594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76922.435410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76922.435410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     721954                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59533.039648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59533.039648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57533.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57533.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5125876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5125876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       721886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           721886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56977847000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  56977847000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5847762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5847762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78929.148093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78929.148093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       721886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       721886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55534077000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55534077000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76929.150863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76929.150863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.615947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5873851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                721954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.136046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.615947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6598110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6598110                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        722177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            722918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           722918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52665061000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  52708257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52665061000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  52708257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          722964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         722964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72925.419946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72910.422759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72925.419946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72910.422759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         721511                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               721511                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       722918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       722918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51220709000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51262423000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51220709000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51262423000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70925.422715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70910.425525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70925.422715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70910.425525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    723233                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           722918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52665061000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52708257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         722964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72925.419946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72910.422759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       722918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51220709000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51262423000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70925.422715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70910.425525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.804123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1443965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               723233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.157360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.061541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   506.585223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2168479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2168479                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               722964                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              722963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        721770                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2166191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2167697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     92414720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 92462912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4331814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3611050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  84309105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               100447656000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97802                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34199180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   192293                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    71.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1403419459                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.100448                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100447656000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1125285                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     7004110                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         27017                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9908285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        100447656                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  100447656                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5699269                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4148596                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1087649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                6920115                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       6920115                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6920451                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13738634                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13738634                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            30361777                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5610640                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       7032240                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    7004109                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6709370     48.70%     48.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.20%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.61%     49.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     49.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            6919502     50.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13776558                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            218                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       864964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        865556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       864964                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       865556                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53569386000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  53604133000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53569386000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  53604133000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       865774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       865774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61932.503549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61930.288739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61932.503549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61930.288739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       862819                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           862819                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       865556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       865556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51839458000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51873021000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51839458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51873021000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59932.503549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59930.288739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59932.503549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59930.288739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                864041                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       864964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       865556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53569386000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  53604133000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       865774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58694.256757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61932.503549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61930.288739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       865556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33563000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51839458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51873021000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.798920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56694.256757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59932.503549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59930.288739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2016.348988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1730142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           866089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.347091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     6.544948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2008.456949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.980692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2596231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2596231                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9907532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9907532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9907532                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9907532                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9908285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9908285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9907532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9907532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9908285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63531.208499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63531.208499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61531.208499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.208499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.758254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9908285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              13158.413015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.758254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9909038                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9909038                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              865556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             865556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       862819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2593931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2593931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2593931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    110616000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    110616000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               110616000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          5179651000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4554493750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           37888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        55357696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            55395584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     55220416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         55220416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           864964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               865556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        862819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              862819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             377191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          551109884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              551487075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        377191                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            377191                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       549743202                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             549743202                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       549743202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            377191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         551109884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1101230277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    862805.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    864964.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004845570500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         53922                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         53922                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2563880                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              811740                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       865556                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      862819                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     865556                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    862819                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              54071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              54007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              53952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              53913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              53990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              54107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              54156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              54152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              54275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              54186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             54204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             54170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             54089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             54037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             54074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             54173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              53864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              53764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              53795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              53774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              53828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              53964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              54021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              54016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              54016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              54021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             54016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             54016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             53918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             53898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             53890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             53973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    8584896250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4327780000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              24814071250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9918.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28668.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    792689                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   801107                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 865556                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                862819                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   865556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   53918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   53923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   53923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   53923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   53924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   53923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   53923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   53923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   53923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   53927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   53923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   53923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   53926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   53924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   53922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   53922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       134532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     822.199150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    663.710582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    337.550209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          8754      6.51%      6.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10013      7.44%     13.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3105      2.31%     16.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4727      3.51%     19.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3768      2.80%     22.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2914      2.17%     24.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2073      1.54%     26.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        14437     10.73%     37.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        84741     62.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        134532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        53922                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.051741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.003606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       8.084536                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           53913     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          53922                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        53922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000408                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.026544                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             53908     99.97%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          53922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                55395584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 55217536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 55395584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              55220416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        551.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        549.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     551.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     549.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   100447611000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58116.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        37888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     55357696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     55217536                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 377191.479709591251                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 551109883.539741396904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 549714529.923923730850                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          592                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       864964                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       862819                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     15015000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  24799056250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2453872481000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25363.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28670.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2844017.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             481507320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             255919620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           3093105120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2253724560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7928856000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       24460566180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       17973528480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         56447207280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         561.956441                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46050296250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3354000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  51043359750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             479065440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             254629320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           3086964720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2249955720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7928856000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       23628806220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       18673957920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         56302235340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         560.513183                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47879164750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3354000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  49214491250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          6153688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              6153688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6153688                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             6153688                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         864969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             864969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        865067                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            865067                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68268329000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  68268329000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68275617000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  68275617000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      7018657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          7018657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      7018755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7018755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78925.752252                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78925.752252                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78925.235849                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78925.235849                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          864627                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                864627                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        864969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       865067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66538391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  66538391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66545483000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  66545483000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76925.752252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76925.752252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76925.235849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76925.235849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     864811                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59533.039648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59533.039648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57533.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57533.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        6125875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            6125875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       864742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           864742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68254815000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  68254815000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6990617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        6990617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123700                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123700                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78930.842957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78930.842957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       864742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66525331000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66525331000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76930.842957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76930.842957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.677651                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 7018755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                865067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.113539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.677651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               7883822                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              7883822                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        865033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            865774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           865774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  63084887000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  63128083000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  63084887000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  63128083000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          865820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         865820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72927.722989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72915.198424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72927.722989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72915.198424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         864368                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               864368                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       865774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       865774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61354821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  61396535000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61354821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  61396535000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70927.722989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70915.198424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70927.722989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70915.198424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    866090                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           865774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  63084887000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  63128083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         865820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58294.197031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72927.722989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72915.198424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       865774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61354821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61396535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56294.197031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70927.722989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70915.198424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.996261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1730447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               866602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.810745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.730321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.455195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2597049                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2597049                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               865820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              865820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        864627                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2594761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2596267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    110700416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                110748608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           5188955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          4325335000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 100447656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
